
classic 0.0.2a
0.0.1.2
2
classic 0.0.3a
0.0.1.3
3
classic 0.0.9a
0.0.1.9
9
classic 0.0.10a
0.0.1.10
10
classic 0.0.11a
0.0.1.11
11
classic 0.0.12a
0.0.1.12
12
classic 0.0.13a
0.0.1.13
13
classic 0.0.14a
0.0.1.14
14
classic 0.0.15a
0.0.1.15
15
classic 0.0.16a
0.0.1.16
16
classic 0.0.17a
0.0.1.17
17
classic 0.0.18a
0.0.1.18
18
classic 0.0.19a
0.0.1.19
19
classic 0.0.20a
0.0.1.20
20
classic 0.0.21a
0.0.1.21
21
classic 0.0.22a
0.0.1.22
22
classic 0.0.23a
0.0.1.23
23
classic 0.24
0.0.24
24
classic 0.25
0.0.25
25
classic 0.26
0.0.26
26
classic 0.27
0.0.27
27
classic 0.28
0.0.28
28
classic 0.29
0.0.29
29
classic 0.30
0.0.30
30
indev 0.31
0.0.31
31
indev
indev
0
infdev
infdev
0
Alpha v1.0
0.1.0
1
Alpha v1.1
0.1.1
2
Alpha v1.2
0.1.2
3
Beta 1.0
1.0
1
Beta 1.1
1.1
2
Beta 1.2
1.2
3
Beta 1.3
1.3
4
Beta 1.4
1.4
5
Beta 1.5
1.5
6
Beta 1.6
1.6
7
Beta 1.7
1.7
8
Beta 1.8
1.8
9
1.0
1.9
10
1.1
1.10
11
1.2
1.11
12
1.3
1.12
13
1.4
1.13
14
1.5
1.14
15
1.6
1.15
16
1.7
1.16
17
1.8
1.17
18
1.9
1.18
19
1.10
1.19
20
1.11
1.20
21
1.12
1.21
22
1.13
1.22
23
1.14
1.23
24
1.15
1.24
25
20w14∞
20w14∞

1.16
1.25
26
1.17
1.26
27
1.18
1.27
28
1.19
1.28
29
1.20
1.29
30
1.21
1.30
31

List of allotrophs according to the endermen (other name) (symbol) [weight] blank if endermen does not know about it
name of allotroph
name of element
real life equivalent
Asteroid
Hydrogen 
Hydrogen (H) [1]
H
too coincidental
Deuterium 
Deuterium (D) [2]
D
too coincidental
Tritium (helionite)
Helion (He) [3]☢️
T☢️
Asteroid 3 is goddess of marriage and childbirth. When endermen observed tritium, it was diatomic, then it split into 2 molecues of helium. Endermen would have thought it resembled marriage and childbirth.
Helion
Helion (He) [3]
He3

Lithium
Lithium (Li) [7]
Li7
Asteroid 7 is iris which is the goddess of rainbow and messenger of the gods. 7 is also the number of colors in the rainbow (may or may have not been named to intentionally coincide). Withers and especially wither skulls are made from lithium. The wither descended from heaven which is like a messenger from the gods. Like the rainbow as God's promise to not flood flood the earth again, the wither potion effect (which is caused by the neurotoxic effects of lithium like rainbows are caused by light refraction of water) is a promise to not flood the nether with withers. Concatenate 7 with itself is 77 which element 77 is iridium also named after iris. Like lithium being the lightest solid element, iridium is the densest solid element. Whether osmium or iridium is denser depends on isotope, so it doesn't matter. Lithium and lithogrpahy has the same etymology. When nether wart on the surface of the neutron star was using lithography, it was messaging like a god because in the point of view of the asteroids and planets, a message was coming from the sun which created life, and life believed only god could create life. Neon genesis evagelion has a substring of "genesis" because the flood story and rainbow happened in genesis. Neon because it relates to wither just like lithium. Genesis is also when god created life. Beryllium-7 have to exist because the beacon has a villager-like interface. The endermen called it helium because the endermen thought the nether star is a real star. The endermen considered the sun to be a star because the endermen had defined the star to be a light in the sky that doesn't change brightness (unlike the moon which has cycles). The endermen named helium after the sun because the beacon spits out light in one tight direction which the endermen believed that the sun is the only other star that spits out directional light. The beacon light comes from helium-7 decaying back to lithium-7. When the wither dies, the wither's lithium-7 turns into helium-7 which glows in the nether star. The reason why the nether star cannot be used as a weapon is that helium is chemically inert in water. Beryllium etymology also matches the description of the beacon. It is still connected to iris because beacon light can change color from colored glass. Bedrock in a zoo topopolis is made of mercury which etymology is messenger like the greeks believed that mercury is the messenger to the dead in a fiction story because the mercury was transparent to some energy which was later discovered to be nuetrinos. The beacon light is mostly directional, named as if it is the sun, and have power. It is like most of the neutrinos are directional to collide in a accretion disk around the micro black hole to make the fake sun. Small amounts of nuetrinos tells the greeks that there are way more stuff outside of the topopolis. The beacon ambient light would also be from gluciuum nuclear decay which tells the endermen about trading like villagers. The neutrinos need large vats of cryogenic expensive liquid like the beacon needs large amounts of expensive blocks of pure substances. Cryogenic means cold which means mercury which means bedrock which means obsidian which is a reason why it has obsidian. Dead because the only way that beacon would interact with bedrock is in the nether which is were the dead are. Both the nether and the zoo topopolis are walled in on all sides. Nether, zoo topopolis, and schwarzesmarken are all about being trapped in a space. The end doesn't count because there is only finite amount of bedrock in the end. Therefore, bedrock is transparent to beacon beam because it iris is also a messenger. According to the christians in the fiction story, the mercury is infinite and cold. Infinite means the stuff under there are crushed under arbitrary large pressures which is what is described as the enemy (frozen and crushed) in 'white forces" lyrics that also influenced the design of the nether fortress and blaze.
Helium
Lithium (He) [7]☢️
Be7☢️

Gluciuum
Gluciuum (G) [9]
Be9
Asteroid 9 etymology is"skill and craft". Gluciuum is the element that is the limiting factor in emerald. Villagers are the only mob that use emeralds. Villagers are the only mob that all have a profession. It is like they also fit the definition of "skill and craft".

Boron
Boron (B) [10]☢️
Be10☢️
Asteroid 10 etymology is health and has the same etymology as hygiene. It is just like people once though adding borax to milk would reverse the spoilage of milk. Beryllium-10 radioactivity causes diamond to become green like emeralds which is why diamonds were once named as emeralds. The endermen think the non-radioactive isobar 10 is worth less than the radioactive one, so the endermen named it boronite. Boron was named because it made diamonds shine blue which coincide with lumen which is allusion to aluminum which also makes diamonds blue.
Boronite
Boron (B) [10]
B10

Voron
Voron (V)[11]
B11
Asteroid 11 etymology is virgin. According to broscientists, virgins are the bottom 80 of the 80/20 rule just like boron isotopes follow 80/20 rule and the 80 is boron-11. Virgin is abbreviated as V which boron symbol typecast to cyrillic is V. When the endermen mined diamonds, they made swords out of the diamonds. On diamond sword was denser than the other swords despite having the same hue, so the sword was called the sword of virgin. The reason was I don't know and need to play koiken otome first. The anime name can be abbreviated to KO just like kazuchika okada. Blue color can also come from eke-boron impurity which is aluminum which is connected to umi whose husband is kazuchika okada. However, aluminum is not named after virgin. The endermen compared blue diamonds by transparency. So, boron diamonds with small impurity were compared to aluminum diamonds with higher impurity. Aluminum is big and has large molar volume which would disrupt diamond lattice which decreases density. Aluminum carbide also has less density than boron carbide. So, alumium is the opposite of virgin like mimorin is the opposite of virgin. Both aluminum and boron are less dense than diamond. If diamond lattice disruption from impurity is less which would happen if there are few impurities, then molar mass would matter which would make aluminum diamond the most dense. However, that would be hard to measure which is why aluminum is still the opposite of virgin. It is a sword because out of all the phase2 fripside songs, there is only one song name with a substring of sword which is "sword of virgin". Sword of virgin song is in volume (the only volume in fripside phase2) 2 index 3 which concatenates to 23 which element 23 symbol is V. Boron-11 has deposites separate from boron-10 because boron-10 has a really large neutron cross section which allows boron-10 to easily turn into boron-11.
Diamond
Diamond (Da) [12]
C12
Asteroid 12 is victoria which means victory. Carbon allotrope is diamond which according to official way to beat minecraft, you would have gotten diamond armor before beating minecraft. Diamond sounds like diamon which is also a girl name like victoria. V sign originated in in ww2, and ww2 is related to 12 because "12 years not a slave" meme. V as in diamond has boron-11 impurity. The endermen derive a symbol from the word diamond which is the first and third letter.
Voronite
Voronite (W) [13]
C13
Asteroid 13 means black poplar which was used for writing. Carbon-13 is abbreviated as C13 which is the highest disk number. Disk media is black like graphite. Jukebox contain diamond which is also carbon. C13 goes with C11 which is boron which etymology includes carbon. There are 13 disks because C12 is C13 and C11. Carbon-13 is given -ite ending because it was discovered after carbon-12 was discovered. Carbon-13 is not related to the sword of virgin because carbon-12 has such a low neutron absorption cross section that carbon-13 content would not have a detectable increase even if exposed to a lot of neutron radiation. When carbon-13 was discovered, the endermen guessed that it could be used to create the sword of virgin instead of boron-11, so it was named after boron-11. The symbol came from V, so it is double V. V is related to W because they are used in staballoy. However, V is not used as -% because it is not dense. U is also related to W because same reason, but it is used as -%. Uranium staballoy is alloyed with titanium like "tiu" sounds like pew and other epic poetry.
Nitrogen
Nitrogen (N) [14]
N14
Asteroid 14 means peace. Nitrogen asphyxiation is peaceful.
Nihonium (heavy nitrogen)
Nihonium (Nh) [15]
N15
Asteroids 14 and 15 are named from the same parents like 14th and 15th mv are from the same album.  Asteroid 15 means good law like ddr in schwarzesmarken was that.
Oxygen
Oxygen (O) [16]
O16
Asteroid 16 means soul. When oxygen was discovered to be needed in aerobic life, it was called as if it was living air. I once wanted asteroid 16 to be fortuna because "fortuna on the 16th night" but that wouldn't be related to oxygen.
Oxygen
Oxygen (A) [17]
O17
Asteroid 17 is the goddess of water like water is 89 percent oxygen. For water-17, water would be rounded down to 89 percent oxygen. The endermen ran out of ideas so they used ABO blood terminology because blood is like water according to every mythology that has existed. A, B, and O blood all have H and D (D includes both Rh negative and RH positive) antigen. H and D are hydrogen and dueterium which all water have. B is written is cyrillic to emphasize that it is not V and to distinguish between boron.
Oxygen
Oxygen (Б) [18]
O18
Asteroid 18 is muse of tragedy like drinking water with oxygen-18 is a tragedy because oxygen-18 water taste more bland than regular water. Mimorin blood is AB like umi etymology is sea which is like water like asteroid 17 which isobar 17 is A and mimorin mythological muse is asteroid 18 which isobar 18 is B. It the muse of tragedy because mimorin married. 18 is the atomic weight of water molecue. It ends in B because 18 goes with both 17 and 27, but 17 does not go with 27. So the pairs are 17 with 18 and 18 with 27, If 18 is Б, then there is a Б and A in both pairs. Aluminum and oxygen makes sapphire which ruby is a sapphire, and ruby was marriage ring before diamond was. Aluminum impurites also makes blue diamonds.


Ne20
Asteroid 20 was named by an observatory out of the 2 observatories that independently discovered it. It is like the endermen discovered neon in 2 different spacetimes. However, it is like it was only named by one of the 2 spacetimes because the endermen used the name that was first given to name other stuff.
Neon
Neon (Ne) [21]
Ne20 Ne21Ne22 (average weight of 21)
Asteroid 21 means capital of france. France is like japan because they both have lots of soft power. The capital of japan is 東京. France represent the space above the overworld and japan represents the space between the overworld and nether. Both neon and 東京 derived by the endermen from believing that there were new stars in space. The endermen cannot distinguish between the 3 isobars.


Ne22
Asteroid 20 is the muse of epic poetry which is also the muse of sora tokui. Sora tokui's favorite anime is neon genesis evagelion which anime is an epic poetry. Neon is also a subword of "neon genesis evagelion". And, other stuff that connects sora tokui to wither and so on.
Sodium
Sodium (Na) [23]
Na23
Asteroid 23 is the muse of comedy. Sodium is related to comedy because table salt jimmy neutron joke. It is extra funny because minecraft came from neutron star and endermen do not know about neutrons.



Mg24
Asteroid 24 is goddess of divine law. The wither was law because the wither was much more powerful than the endermen. The wither was divine because it can from heaven.
Neonite (magnesium)
Neonite (Mg) (25)
Mg24 Mg25 Mg26 (average weight of 25)
Asteroid 25 is named after the observatory that discovered it. Neonite was also named by its observation because it was observed to be with neon in a ONeMg star. The endermens mistake neonite as one isobar when it was actually 3.


Mg26 
Asteroid 26 is a goddess of fertility, wine, and agriculture that was abducted to the underworld. Aluminum is in glowstone which is in the nether. Glowstone and burning netherrack could get energy from aluminum-26 radiation. Aluminum-26 decays to magnesium-26 which is an element that is associated with the wither. "wither" is a verb that means to do the opposite of fertility, wine, and agriculture. In real life according to some sources, when zygote is created, the zygote releases magnesium ions which kills all the other sperm. In real life according to all the other sources, when zygote is created, the zygote releases calcium and zinc ions which kills all the other sperm. Both calcium and zinc are eke-magnesium. Sperm is the only thing that does fertilization. Fertilization is related to fertility, wine, and agriculture. Zygote means there was marriage which means umi seiyuu married. Zygote means children which umi seiyuu was also the first μ\`s to have children. Aluminum-26 decays to magnesium which the endermen named neonite after neon which means that sora tokui also got married.

☢️
Al26☢️

Aluminium
Aluminium (Al) [27]
Al27
Asteroid 27 etymology is giver of delight which is a allusion (but not etymology) to "light". Aluminum is also allusion to "light" because lumen is a subphoneme of aluminum. Asteroid 27 is muse of music and lyric poetry which lyric means lyricist which in fiction (and only fiction), umi was the lyricist for all the music. Aluminum oxide is the anion in glowstone which aluminum has substring of "lumin" which sounds like lumen. Green in real life but yellow in minecraft just like sun is green in peak photons in space but yellow in peak photons under earth atmosphere. Aluminum oxide is the solvent in ruby which rubies were symbol of marriage before diamond was. That is why umi seiyuu was the first μ\`s to marry. Aluminum oxide is the hardest oxide in period 3. The solute of ruby is chromium which chromium is the hardest metal its period. It would be the second in period hardest because germanium is harder and germanium is in the same group as diamond. Silicon is also the hardest in its period. Eke-chromium and eke-eke-chromium are also the second hardest in their period. However, the hardest of those periods are not known for their hardness because their abundance is very low. Eke-chromium symbol is same as abbreviation of mimorin and okada. Eke-eke-chromium symbol is same as the abbreviation of women which means that mimorin is the most womanly. The hardest element in period 2 to 4 is in carbon group. The hardest element in period 3 to 6 is iron group. In many video games hardness=toughness=volumetric strength=stiffness=viscocity. Steel is iron and carbon which means that steel is the strongest non-exotic matter at stp which is correct.
Silicon
Silicon (Si) [28]
Si28
Asteroid 28 is goddess of war which is related to flintlock and silicon is named after flint. 
Carbon
Carbon (C) [29]
Si29
Asteroid 29 is allusion to amphoretic which silicon dioxide is. C sounds like Si, so it get the symbol. C is more encircling than S. Cyrillic с and Cl are already connected to sea and C is pronounced as sea.
Kremlin
Kremlin (Кремля) [30]
Si30
Asteroid 30 is urania which yellowcake is also named that. Yellow because sand is yellow.  It would be a insult to abbreviate kremlin because it is like to need to say the whole title of someone. Symbol is in genitive form like what it would be in compounds.
Sulfur
Sulfur (S) [32]
S32
Asteroid 32 means orchards and fruit tress which is green leafy texture like creeper. Creeper drops gunpowder which was once named as sulfur like isobar 32.
Muriaine
Muriaine (С) [35]
Cl35
Asteroid 35 is a goddess that was goddess of concord and harmony and then became the goddess of sea. Chlorine etymology is green which looking at green gives concord and harmony. Some chlorine compounds etymology are salt which salt is from sea. C and Cl were already taken, so cyrillic С was given.
Argon
Argon (Ar) [36]
Ar36
Asteroid 36 is a thing that turned into a lion to live out of society. It is like argon-36 is out of the minecraft world in space. Space is like ocean which umi is named after, and mimorin is atalante. Rain is above the ocean. Ocean and rain are made of the same thing. Rainmaker implies that the ocean turned into space.
Chlorine
Chlorine (Cl) [37]
Cl37
Asteroid 37 is fides which is allusion to fide which is chess.com which chess board is green like chlorine. Green because argon is blue and sulfur is yellow, and green is in between.
Potassium
Potassium (Pp) [39]
K39
Asteroid 39 is allusion to gay which Pp sounds like.
Kalium (Argonite)
Kalium (K) [40]
Ar40
Asteroid 40 is goddess of peace like inert gas.
Pohassium
Pohassium (Ph) [41]
K41
Asteroid 41 is a water nymph. Water is an amphoretic. Oxygen is named after acid. Potassium symbol is named after base. Daphne etymology is laurel which is the symbol of victory. It means that in potassium oxide, the base won over the acid. Laurel symbol is shaped like a circle because oxygen symbol looks like a circle. Ph is related to acid and base, so the endermen thought it would be a good idea to name it like ph. However, it was a bad idea because ph scale stopped being used because it was confused with potassium. So, the endermen used poh scale instead of ph scale. The t in potassium is declined to h which makes pohassium which can be abbreviated to poh because it is the first 3 letters and was unintended. Potassium is the lightest solid that the endermen discovered. It was before the wither existed, so there was no lithium. The endermen confused potassium with pohassium because they were similar in pronounciation. So, the endermen reserved the densest element to be named as hassium which is derived from pohassium. I wanted the densest element to be meitnerium because I liked the numbers 109p 169n. I also thought that nanjolno original last name might have been meitner. Seeing that meitnerium is the 2nd densest and that 169n is not the most stable isotope, made it less special. It is like the potassium in minecraft theory being the 2nd least dense solid would have made it less special to the endermen.
Scandium
Scandium (Sc) [44]
Sc44☢️
Asteroid 44 is nysa which stands for nanjou yoshino and sakura ayane. The ship is called ayacest because of eli ayase and alisa ayase. 44 as in the presidential administration of the 44th elected president would be nanjou yoshino and sakura ayane. Nysa is a place in the mountains. The ender dragon is made of scandium and is related to lise hohenstein. Hohenstein means high stone. Mountains are like high stones.
Calcium
Calcium (Ca) [48]
Ca48
Asteroid 48 allusion to diorite. Diorite is white and milky like calcium.
Chromium
Chromium (Cr) [52]
Cr50
When the endermen observed chromium in the sky, it was the opposite of the nickel series because it is multiple different elements emitting the same spectrum instead of the same element emitting different spectrum. It is just like magnetism. Nickel series are all ferromagnetic and the only ferromagnetic elements. Chromium is the only antiferromagnetic element. There are 3 different stable chromium nuclei and 1 long lived isotope. Nickel-59 and iron-60 are long lived nuclei, but not long lived enough to have measurable abundance. C is pronounced as S or K. The endermen confused Sr-84 with Kr-84, but not with isotopes of Cr.
Chromium
Chromium (Cr) [52]
Cr52

Chromium
Chromium (Cr) [53]
Cr53

Chromium
Chromium (Cr) [54]
Cr54

Manganese
Manganese (Mn) (55)
Mn55
Asteroid 55 is pandora as in pandora's box. Box as in gearbox. Therefore the minecraft id of gear should not be 25 or 12. Manganese has prefix of "man" which means that gears are man-made which in minecraft means that they are made by endermen.
Iron
Iron (Fe) [56]
Fe56
Asteroid 56 is one of the 3 original muse. The other 2 muse do not have an asteroid. 3 like nickel series. Only one correspond to an asteroid like only iron in isobar 56 is stable. Melete rhymes with delete like the other 2 are deleted.
Cobalt
Iron (Fe) [56]☢️
Co56☢️

Nickel
Iron (Fe) [56]☢️
Ni56☢️

Stable Cobalt
Stable Cobalt (Co) [59]
Co59
Asteroid 59 is named as if it couldn't find name just like stable cobalt has no other name.

Stable Nickel
Stable Nickel (Ni) [60]
Ni60
Asteroid 60 is echo. Nico nico nii is echo because nico is said twice.

Samarium (second stable nickel)
Samarium (Sm) [62]
Ni62
erato, muse, nickel, samarium, and other sora tokui stuff.
Light Copper
Light Copper (Sk) [63]
Cu63
Asteroid 63 is south italy. South italy is a country because italian civil war in ww2. It is the only peninsula that are countries like united korea is the only peninsula that is in asia. South korea is south like south italy. South korea abbreviation is initials of shirai kuroko.
Heavy Copper
Heavy Copper (Mm) [65]
Cu65
Asteroid 65 is mountain mother which abbreviates to mm like initials of misaka mikoto.
Galium
Galium (Ja) [69]
Ga69
Asteroid 69 is about italian unification which italy is a axis power like japan. The endermen believed in die glocke which describes a floating machine powered by liquid metal. The endermen believed that U-864 was connected to the event because it was carrying lots of liquid metal to japan.  The endermen believed that the levitating machine would be created in japan. The endermen discovered galium and named it from japan. It was named jalium, but j is hard to pronounce, so it was called gallium. The element symbol is the first 2 letters which are ja. The endermen planned to preemptively celebrate by making a music video named "Heaven is a Place on Earth" with a helicopter because helicopter movement is most like die glocke. The meaning of "Heaven is a Place on Earth" is that the die glocke can levitate to heaven. The endermen believe in ukrainian neo-nazism which caused the endermen to choose a ukrainian aircraft manufacturer which is sikorsky. The endermen choose a helicopter from 1993 because it is 82 juche. Juche was chosen to measure the year because juche sounds like чужой which are aliens, and aliens means ufo which levitate. 82 was chosen because asteroid 82 etymology is electryone which sounds like electron which electron levitate away from other electrons and away from the nucleus. A helicopter with a tail number of ja6719 was chosen because the first and last digits are 69 like isobar 69, and the middle 2 digits are 71 which is the other isobar that made up the composition of the liquid metal. 
Niobium
Niobium (Nb) [71]
Ga71
Asteroid 71 is about 14 children being massacred. 14 is a lot like 60 as in the 60 scientists that were massacred in die glocke and 60 tons of mercury in U-864.
Germanium
Germanium (Ge) [74]
Ge74
Asteroid 74 means milk like milky way. The end looks like space. Endstone is made of germanium nitride. Nitrogen-14 because the nuclide below isobar 8 are isobar 7 which 2 isobar 7 nuclei fuse into isobar 14 which is a monoisobar. It is named germanium because the ender dragon is lise who lived in GDR. It is not named DDR because german is an allusion to germs which are the endermites which ate all the endstone. Endstone is created by pulling matter out of the minecraft singularity which is traveled through when objects teleport. Endermen use to be able to get endstone by teleporting, but the endermites ate all the endstone which is why endermen don't like endermites.
Krypton
Krypton (Kr) [84]
Kr84
Asteroid 84 is mythological muse of nanjolno. Nanjolno has bone genetic diesease like the endermen consume strontium after thinking it was krypton which strontium bones are weak.
Kryptonite
Krypton (Kr) [84]
Sr84

Xenon (xenonite)
Xenon (I) [127]
I127
Asteroid 127 is Joan of arc. Joan as in the endermen violently enforced the blink color. Arc as in emission spectrum because the color is derived from high energy iodine and xenon ions.
Xenon
Xenon (I) [127]
Xe126 50% Xe128 50%

Antimony
Antimony (И) [129]☢️
I129☢️
Asteroid 129 is antigone which is an allusion to antimony which the endermen named it as antimony because it is always found with iodine and never alone. The endermen give it the symbol of cyrillic I because it is like iodine. Cyrillic I looks like U as in uranium which is also radioacitve. Antigone is a allusion to anti gone which iodine-129 is radioactive which would make it gone.
Europium
Europium
Eu
Asteroid 151 and asteroid 153 are Abundantia and Hilda. They are abbreviated to AH as in adolf hitler. Europium is allusion to russian translation of jew.
Gold
Gold (Au) [197]
Au197
Asteroid 197 means enchanted. Gold is enchanted like golden apple and gold items getting enchantment discounts.

## context
To be familar with the schizo terminology, read archive.is archives that are queried from

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yoshino712/2028presidentialElectionPrediction/refs/heads/main*

yoshino712.wordpress.com

https://x.com/DoNutDecember/status*

https://vk.com/@gokinjolno-*

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astatalan/minecraft-theory-part-2*


## incompatible
In the beginning there was a neutron star in the universe which is the surface of a hypersphere. Life in the universe began on the surface of the neutron star. It was the nether wart. The nether wart lived on the surface of the neutron. To survive the harsh conditions, the nether wart needs to be resistant to mutations in the dna-like information and in the brain. The nether wart grew a smart and fast brain, but it was slow to learn because that would be mutation. The nether wart discover that their only hope to spread outside of the neutron star was to use lithography to etch a new lifeform from far away. The nether wart couldn't etch the lifeform in their own solar system because the neutron star would destroy any life that lived nearby. The nether wart had to create the lifeform far away around other stars. The nether wart calculated what possible alternative biochemistry could be possible without neutronium and can survive outside of the neutron star. The nether wart used lithography to create alanine based life far away from the neutron star. The life eventually evolve into the many other life including endermen and endermen's microbiome. Either endermen or another species in alanine based life used lithography to create computers which were nand based life. The neutron star was also a pulsar which spew beams that were bent by the hyperspherical universe to create a fake sun and moon back on the surface of the neutron star. The beams were asymmetric because the particles have different reaction to gravity. The beams have a moon cycle because of wave interference with each other from meeting about halfway due to positive curvature of the universe, and the angle that they meet keep changing because the universe was constantly expanding. The moon light is mostly made of non-bosons that do not have antigravity properties, so it is able to penetrate more due to blueshift when falling down. The sunlight is mostly made of non-bosons that have antigravity properties, which is much less penetrating because they don't blue shift when falling down. However, the magnetic field from the neutron star blocking the non-boson radiation is so strong that almost nothing can detect the day and night cycle. 
The universe starts to expand while being steady state for the neutron star. This made the neutron star bigger really fast. The neutron star collapse creating a singularity in the middle. It left 2 outer shells of neutronium behind. The 2 shells interacted with modified gravity to stay the gravitationally stable. Since modified gravity does not follow newton's shell theorem, the inner shell split into a lower shell and a middle shell due to different gravitation interaction with the upper shell. The lower and middle shell was the nether and the upper shell was the overworld. The nether was filled with holes because of the gravitational reaction while the overworld had no holes. The universe is still expanding which alters the wave interference between the sunlight and moonlight causing the moon cycle. Even though the source of the magnetic field is gone inside the black hole, the magnetic feild still works because of light lag. The magnetic field is still blocking most of the non-bosons. The magnetic field gives out its own radiation which is like sunlight but harmless. The nether wart had lost their energy source because the neutronium relied on the neutron star core to produce energy. The nether wart stopped growing. The extreme environment of the neutron star disappeared.
Because everything else did not expand with accordance to its own energy density, the neutron star became the largest object in the universe pulling everything including intelligent life from far away towards it. Any matter that wish to survive without falling into the singularity would have to be able to teleport on to the surface of the 3 shells of neutronium. The first creatures to inhabit the minecraft world were endermen. It was because they were able to survive the fall down from the event horizon to the overworld by teleportation. So, it was natrual selection that created teleportation and endermen. All other items that fell through were going so fast, that their radiation length were really long. This means that they reacted very little when they fall through. The anti gravity from the neutronium shells prevented the light from blue shifting when falling to the ground. So, the endermen were able to do astronomy in minecraft. 
When the endermen's ancestors were trying to evolve teleportation. Some ancestors had already detect the gravity, so they were able to know the problem. They solved it while still falling to the minecraft world. All other lifeforms were not able to evolve teleportation making all remaining life being the descendants of either nether wart, endermen, endermen's computers, or endermen's microbiome. The nether wart was in the neutronium based life domain. Endermen and endermen's microbiome are in alanine based life domain. Endermen's computers are in nand based life domain.
After landing on the overworld, the endermen used nether reactor core to teleport to the nether. The nether had almost nothing but some pieces of neutronium. Some endermen drop down the nether with neutronium to place it randomly. A few pieces were placed in the correct spot to form the main end island. There was a place (different from the main end island) in the internether void where endermen could teleport over and over again to the same spot making it seem that they have anti-gravity. The endermen use teleportation to pull matter from the singularity. Because of the no hair theorem, the matter is always the same being endstone. It was called endstone because the end product of falling into a blackhole is becoming endstone. The endermen and the endstone made up the outer end islands. Outer was only in perspective of the main end islands only after the main end island connects to it. There were no radial gaps in the outer end islands and there were no center.
Void is a pun. All portals teleport to the singularity. They just differ in the where it is teleported out of the singularity. Since the output is the same place as input then it is void because default answer is the same place. This also makes end island also a void portal since the definition of default changed from the place of transportation to the place of the original portal. The default place could also mean staying in the singularity which means that the object is destroyed. The void portals lit with a bedrock frame would produce a portal that does just that.
Because the speed of light is finite, the neutron star's magnetic field was still strong. It blocks the matter pairs that were produced from blueshifted light. The magnetic field was so strong that it produced an aurora that outshines all the light in the sky. Therefore, the sky looks like it was always sunny. Since the magnetic field blocks the particles, none of the particles would affect the surface like the day and night cycle.
As the time passed, the neutronium decayed into bedrock. The bedrock decayed into stone in the overworld and netherrack in the end. The nether wart in the bedrock could not survive coming out of the bedrock because nether wart needs to come out intact at once to survive, but the bedrock decay is gradual and slow. The endermen made glassware and quartz from the stone. Endermen were able to use glassware to observe the stars through the blinding aurora. The most important discovery that the endermen made were about noble gases. Like in real life, the process were all the same except for helium because there are no petroleum reserves in minecraft. 
The starlight that was observed by endermen was still the same light that was close to the neutron star right before the steady state expansion. But, the starlight close to the neutron star will eventaully land, and the endermen will end up observing the starlight far away. The starlight close to the surface of the neutron star expanded with conservation of energy density. Since the surface of the neutron star is very smooth, the change between old starlight and new starlight will happen very suddenly. The minecraft crust used antigravity to prevent the starlight that was close to neutron star surface from blueshifting. 
Helium that was observed by the endermen has an average mass of 3 in minecraft. Helium natural abundance in real life is 137 in 100000000 which has number 137 which shows that changing the number changes lots of physics like real life physics to minecraft physics. The endermen named helium as helion because it followed the -on ending for noble gases. (helion in english means a helium isotope that weighs 3) Helion was observed on the ground only as a decay product of tritium, but it was only observed in the stars. The sky was always bright. (helium in english means "sun") The endermen think of bright things as closer to holy than the dark things, so the endermen thought the stars were holy. Some endermen think the stars are angels hanging around above the transparent firmament. Endermen conclude that tritium and helion were the same element because the mass was the same. Endermen name tritium to something similar to trinity because it was glowing and can make glowing water. Since tritium was really rare, endermen never were able to collect much of it. Endermen thought if they get a bulk amount of helium, they would be able to make something powerful like an angel. Endermen believed in fusion, but it was from hydrogen to deuterium to tritium, and elements with mass of 4 to 6 were skipped. Endermen named deuterium because when endermen first discovered it, they didn't realize that it was diatomic. So endermen measured a value of 4 which the endermen named it after the 4th book of the bible which is actually the 5th book of the bible.
Neon in minecraft has an average mass of 21. It was first discovered in the atmosphere. (neon in english means "new") After it was already named, the endermen discovered it in supernova and in the stars before they went supernova. Since the endermen forgot why neon was named neon, the endermen thought neon means that it was a new star forming instead of a star dying. Because the neutron star remnant is more positive in absolute brightness, it was actually a star disappearing from the endermen's view. Neonite was impossible to exist because all elements with 20-22 mass other than neon are very radioactive. Sometimes, the endermen observed a star with large amounts of neon which was much more proportions than even supernovas. The endermen believed that it was an important stars because neon was the element of new. They observed that the star also had lots of oxygen and another element, that the endermen say "OMG". Because oxygen was already named as O, the endermen named the new element symbol as mg. Endermen didn't known whether or not the nuclei weighed the same as neon, but the name "neonite" caught on regardless. In real life, magnesium ions are released after a zygote is created. So, neonite etymology also coincided because zygote is a new dna.
Argon has an average mass of 36 on the minecraft world, but it has an average mass of 40 in minecraft. This is because argon-36 is produced from stellar alpha process, but argon's natrual abundance is >99.6% argon-40. Argon was also discovered in supernova, but not as much. It wasn't named yet. The argon in supernova remnant was discovered to weigh 36, but on the minecraft world, it weighed 40. The endermen thought it was just 2 different elements. The endermen decided that the reason for the similarity in emission spectrum was because the elements were so inert that it was hard to tell the difference using chemical reactions, so it was named as inert. (argon in english means "inert") Many endermen believed that the existence of 2 different inert elements is a God given analogy which shows that even the most righteous, pure, clean, holy, .... earthly thing is no match for the righteous, pure, clean, holy, .... thing in heaven. The worldly argon weighs 40 which is not as interesting as the number 36. "Jesus fasted for 40 days, but in heaven, he would have fasted for 3 consecutive periods of 12 days" the endermen reasoned. Although the endermen did known about potassium, the endermen didn't know of a argonite because the potassium-40 was too rare to discover. (most argon-40 comes from potassium-40 decay) Potassium's molecular mass was measured to be 39. Coincidentally, the endermen named argon-40 as Kalium with a symbol of K. (kalium is an old name for potassium and K is the symbol for potassium) It is a coincidence because the isotope of argon that was named was the one that originates from potassium-40. K in reference to krypton and kryptonite (both words start with K in english) which one type is in space, but the other on the minecraft world. Kalium was used as a name to make a reference to calcium (kalium and calcium sounds the same in english) which is the element kryptonite is known to replace. Even more coincidental is that calcium has a stable isobar at 40. The endermen refused to name argon-40 as argonite because the -ite ending is reserved for naming an allotroph. Potassium has a symbol of Pp. The endermen does not know it, but (in english word "p" "o" "t" "a" "s" "s" "i" "u" "m") every 2 letter combination is already taken up in potassium. Po is polonium. Pt is platinum. Pa is saturnium. Ps is positronium. Pi is pionium. Pu is plutonium. Pm is promethium. The only abbreviation left is Pp. Argon-40 has 22 neutrons which would make the endermen hate the number 22. However, endermen don't know what neutrons are, so the endermen could not detect 22 in argon-40.
Krypton and strontium both have an average mass of 84 in minecraft. Krypton was also discovered in supernova, but was not discovered before the star went supernova. Low mass stars are too dim for the endermen to detect. The endermen named it as if it was hidden inside the star before it went supernova, so they named it as krypton. (krypton in english means "hidden")
Strontium weighed the same as krypton, but was not discovered in the sky because low mass stars are too dim to see with telescope. The endermen thought strontium was a different type of krypton. The spectrum was different, but the endermen reasoned it was just different allotrophes. So, the endermen called strontium as kryptonite. (kryptonite in english means "something that makes superman weak") The ending part of the word to reference that the type of krypton was solid. The endermen observed that when they eat kryptonite, their brains work slower and they became weaker (in bones and muscels) despite the fact that strontium sounds like strong in english. The endermen interpret the effects as surrendering oneself to God. (with a capital G in english) Kryptonite replaces calcium in neurons and muscle fibers. Slow neurons cause stupidity which cause more religiousness which cause endermen to strengthen their belief that strontium is good. Since kryptonite has a higher molecular mass than calcium, it moves slower which slows the recharge rate of neurons and muscle fibers.
Calcium-40 and titanium-48 are no longer stable and scandium-44 is stable. Calcium-40 decays quickly to potassium-40 which then takes billions of years to decay to argon. However, it would do it much quicker at high pressures because of electron capture. Alpha process no longer produce calcium-44 because scandium-44 ends the decay chain prematurely. The most abundant form of calcium is calcium-48. The endermen think that 48 is a reference to 84 that tells them to intake kryptonite. (48 and 84 are copalindrome) Because calcium-48 has so many neutrons, it is no longer the least dense alkaline earth metal. Neonite is the least dense alkali metal and of all waterproof metals.
Lithium weighed 7 in minecraft. Lithium is the lightest metal of all metals. Like kryptonite, the endermen could only find it on earth. Unlike kryptonite, the endermen believed that lithium was a completely new element. Many endermen liked lithium because it calms them down and that 7 is a holy number. Endermen believed the calming experience is the effect of connecting to a higher reality. In fact it really is because the more you wither from lithium poisoning, the closer you are to heaven. Doubly in fact, the angel that would deliver the lithium to you is the fallen angel. Lithium's effect is like light refraction in water. Before noah's ark, the light refraction in water did not exist. Likewise, lithium had not nuerological effect until after the nether roof was closed.
Carbon had an average weight of 12 which had the same color as endermen's skin. Endermen really liked their skin color because 12 is a holy number
Xenon had an average weight of 127. Xenon was only discovered in supernova that came from neutron stars which the endermen called "blinking stars". The endermen thought the blinking stars are strange. And that out of all the elements found on the minecraft world, only xenon was discovered to be nowhere other than from blinking stars which was also strange. So, it was named as strange. (xenon in english means "strange") Although xenon was never isolated in minecraft due to endermen's technological limitation, the endermen believed that they still have xenon. It was actually iodine. The spectrum were a little different but it was still purple. Endermen dismiss the inconsistency thinking that xenon was just a strange element. Endermen never named a xenonite because the endermen thought that both the worldly xenon and celestial xenon had the same chemical properties other than spectrum.
Iron was already named, but the endermen did not know why it was named that. (iron in english means "holy") When the endermen discovered the supernova, they found so much nickel which was an element that is never discovered on the minecraft world. The nickel had a half-life of 6 days which decays to cobalt that had 77 days of half-life until it turns into iron. (both nickel and cobalt in english means "devil") Both 77 and 83 (half-life of nickel plus cobalt or approximately equal to bateman effective half-life) are significant to the endermen. The 77th year of the centuary was the year before the endermen government oppressed enderman using Public Law 95-225. The nickel, cobalt, and iron all had a mass of 56 which is 7(8) which concatenate instead of multiply is 78 which is when Protection of Children Against Sexual Exploitation Act of 1978. The 83rd year of the centuary was the year before the book 1984 was suppose to happen. The endermen concludes that since iron is holy, then nickel and cobalt also relates. They were 3 elements which made the endermen think that it is like the trinity as in the 3 crosses. So the endermen named the 2 other metals as nickel and cobalt because the 2 others on the cross were not Jesus. Another reason why the endermen thought they were related to Jesus was that on average, nickel decayed on the 7th day, and then stay as cobalt for 11 periods of 7 days, and then finally turn into iron. In total, there were 12 periods of 7 days. 1 as nickel which represent the criminal on the cross that criticized Jesus. the endermen compared him to Judas just like there were 1 Judas and 11 other disciples. Because Judas sold Jesus for money, nickel's symbol was the smile instead of the star. (nickel sounds like nico yazawa which has the symbol of a smile) The smile represents the obverse on the coin. Stable nickel from the stellar alpha process was observed to be mass of 60. The endermen believed that stable nickel was a different element than nickel. It was just trying disguise itself like iron just like Judas being a fake disciple, according to the endermen. The endermen could not observe the zinc's decay chain because the half-life was so small. The endermen concluded that 60 represents the number of smiles on 30 shekels of silver which judas got for selling jesus. Each shekel had a smile on each side (instead of only on the obverse side) because the shekels were extra greedy. Endermen collected lots of data. It took a lot of data to determine the molecular mass of elements that make small proportions of the supernova remnant. One of the elements was manganese. It had a mass of 55 which was so close to 56 which made the endermen say "OMG" so the endermen named it after mg. It wasn't named after om because that was not an existing element that the endermen named.
Endermen also discovered stable cobalt which had a mass of 59. The endermen predict that there also exist a second stable nickel with a mass of 62 because arithmetic progression of 3 makes sense since iron, cobalt, and nickel were already related to the trinity.
Endermen considered there to be 7 sacred elements. The first is iron which is due to its own name. The next 3 are helium, lithium, and carbon because they correspond to 3, 7, and 12. The endermen believed that the 3 numbers are the most holy of all numbers because endermen are christians. The next 3 are neon, argon, and krypton because they correspond to products of 3, 7, and 12 which are 21, 36, and 84.
As endermen practiced their new beliefs, the endermen stopped leaving skeletons when they died. This is because that kryptonite replaces the calcium in their bones. Kryptonite is a bigger ion which makes it more water soluble which causes the skeleton to decay too quickly. Endermen stored their dead in the nether because nether was spacious without many important stuff. The nether heat destroys skeletons even faster. The kryptonite (which leaked out of decaying endermen skeletons) combined with aluminum oxide and europium to make glowstone which makes clumps of glowstone everywhere in the nether. (glowstone glows green in real life like kryptonite in superman movies) Europium doesn't glow by itself, so the endermen who believed in God but not Jesus were named after them. (еврейский and европий are similar in pronunciation по-русский) Glowstone glows by absorbing uv light. The uv light comes from high energy neutrinos collisions.
Endermen had all the same color eyes which were green, but they differ in color when their eyes blinked. The endermen debated what color the eye blinks should be. Some endermen believed that it should be red because the emission spectrum of lithium is red, and 7 and 12 are numbers that are alike which 7 corresponds to lithium and 12 corresponds to carbon. However some endermen believe that a blink is best expressed with xenon because xenon is the element from the blinking star. Another reason to choose xenon was that it had both 7 and 12 as digits of the atomic mass. Xenon was more convincing that lithium, so the endermen use eugenics to make their eye blinks to be purple color. Iodine which the endermen called 'worldly xenon' was a bit pinkish. Xenon was a bit bluish. The endermen choose the average which was a deep purple. Since the endermen picked iodine and xenon as the color of their blinks, endermen gave iodine and xenon the symbol of an eye. (in english, the letter 'I' that is used as the symbol for iodine is pronounced the same as eye) In order to enforce the eugenics program, when an endermen look at another endermen, they had to blink. Blinking shows that the endermen has purple blinks. If the endermen or thing that looks like an endermen (this includes the player) does not blink purple, the endermen would get made and attack. Blinking is taught so much that it got its own sign which is Xe. The х stands for closing and opening really fast which is why it is not ж because that would be too slow. The e stands for "eye".
Endermen lived long and fullfilling lives. As the time went on, more stone was used. Some stones had more dead endermen than others. The endermen flesh decayed into the stone which gave it properties like soul sand. Endermen flesh were everywhere, so even the small stones in the overworld floated on water.
###### Chromium doesn't have any part in the minecraft theory other than being a byproduct of the alpha process. Calcium-53 has 20 protons (age of me in year 114) and 33 neutrons (age of sumipe in year 114). Calcium-53 decays into chromium-53. One reason why the endermen may have named it chromium was that they discovered 2 elements (isobars) with the same emission spectrum, so they named it based on color. In feburary 11, 2024, I wrote on twitter comparing chromium to marriage. The reason was that chromium to me means something hard, so I thought hard means diamond which is diamond ring. I had overlooked the fact that chromium is what gives rubies their color, and rubies were the symbol of marriage rings before diamonds replaced them because of advertisements. How to find if you and your partner of compatible? Take the smaller age and that is the number of protons, then take the larger age and that is the number of neutrons, see if the atom decays into chromium. Another reason why sumipe should marry me is that rubies are also made of aluminum and aluminum's symbol is al which rubies are transparent and transparent aluminum is alon which sounds like Alan which is my name. In the year 114, I would turn 21 before sumipe turn 34. And that also decays into chromium. Even worse is that its mass is twice of aluminum which mean that it may be a even more 2 weeks. 2 times a aluminum nuclei is iron-54 which is the only iron isobar that has the same isobar as chromium. In my twitter I wrote that iron decaying into chromium is analogy that marriage is only half-way. However a counter argument is that 20 and 33 can concatenate to 2033 which is in the near future. Another thing that can cause another 2 weeks is that in the year 114, sumipe will turn 34 like in rule 34. Another thing is that scandium-55 decays into both chromium and manganese. Manganese as in it is the average of chromium-54 and iron-56 which means that both marriage and marriage which means more 2 weeks. In 2022, I thought it would be me and nanjolno because when nanjolno is 39, I would be 19, and 1939 is a pretty number. 2033 is 2 weeks away from 1939. It wasn't a happening. It's so over.
###### Why Sumipe and chromium? Because sumipe voiced kuromu ( https://web.archive.org/web/20241201060216/https://www.animenewsnetwork.com/interest/2024-12-01/google-chrome-is-now-an-anime-in-japanese-shorts-starring-sumire-uesaka/.218446 ) which is chrome and chrome is chromium. Written in vk, months ago: if sumipe married nanjolno when civil union first existed in japan (11.5.2014), nanjolno would be 22 and sumipe would be 30 which 22p 30n on ( https://periodictable.com/Isotopes/022.52/index.html ) decays with 100% to the most common chromium isotope. Chromium-52 is also the isotope in the stellar alpha process which I wrote on twitter @DoNutDecember feburary 11, 2024 that iron-52 decaying to chromium-52 symbolize that marriage is halfway. 11.5.2014 is important date because it's 9th anniversary is the arithmetic progression of my and nanjolno's birthdays. 11.5.2014 is also important because benjamin netanyahu and sara netannyahu were 65 and 56 which are copalindrome. 56 is next in the alpha process. benjamin netanyahu 's birthday is eli ayase birthday (bibi member) which is also the date if you add my birthday to nanjolno birthday (3+7=10(9+12=21)). Coincidentally, sara netanyahu birthday is the arithmetic progression of my birthday and nanjolno birthday. Rubidium is same etymology as ruby which is made of chromium. Rb87 isotone is same isobar as Cr48. The legislature may have chosen guy fawks day because they pronounced it as "gay fucks".
###### Calcium-40 is not stable in the minecraft theory. So, updated list would be:
###### Calcium-40🦴→Argon-40⚛️ so little bone that they ar-gon (sounds like "are gone" in english) (potassium🍌 because technically that is a bone. In american boy scouts, it is a stereotype that all boy scouts think of are radioactive potassium in banana, bamboo that explodes when catches fire, and nuclear cockroaches) (Like a giant skeleton's bone🌭 (clash royale reference) that is used for its short melee range.(1 tile in game)) (Just a bone🍆 that argon when turned into skeleton) (Another reason why potassium should have a symbol of Pp is that Pp in english means penis) (Sr and Ar have in common that they make endermen bones disappear. Both symbols ends in "r" because that bone↗️ is used to "r" word in english. disappear has same etymology as krypton. The first letters in Sr and Ar is S and A just like SA abbreviation in american criminology) (potassium compounds are more water soluble than calcium compounds, so bones made of Pp (pronounced as pee pee in english) would rot like the pee pee bone) (Argon is a gas which escapes out of containers easily, so that is why they are gone)
###### Titanium-44🥛→Calcium-44🦴 tits so small that they are flat chest (it would be Scandium-44 in minecraft but the coincidence still works because ender dragon is also flat🦈 {hololive reference} because aerodynamic)
###### Chromium-48💍→Titanium-48🥛 hard on the wrong thing, it turns soft (passes through V48 just like losing V card in english) (vanadium isotope abundances are 1 to 399 or 1 in 400 like how many virgins are really virgins)
###### Iron-52💞→Chromium-52💍 marriage is only halfway there (it is spelled manganese because marriages are manned. 7 25 because that is MnN which 2 n's concatenate to m like mnm's)
###### Nickel-56💕→Iron-56💞 nico nico nii
###### Why would nanjolno marry uesaka sumire? Nanjolno really liked mimorin. Mimorin voiced sonoda umi. It is abbreviated as SU as in soviet union. Uesaka sumire's initials is copalindrome with it. Uesaka sumire also has the same hieght as sonoda umi. Although many things don't match, uesaka sumire's birthday needs to be on the day that soviet union's legislative office dissolve or else uesaka sumire's love of russia is not coincidental. Eliumi could have not been shipped if nanjolno was not in control of love live staff which I wrote other places.
###### What about chromium-50? Uesaka sumire professed her love to misawa sachika. The earliest date I could find is may 23, 2017 which uesaka sumire would be 25 and misawa sachika would be 24. It is one away from 24p 26n which would be stable chromium. It decays to titanium just like chromium-48 in stellar alpha process. Without chromium-50 being stable, it wouldn't have been an almost. Chromium-53 and chromium-54 because maybe nanjolno and uesaka sumire were registering their marriage in other places.
###### Public Law 95-225 because it abbreviates to pl like poland is close to ddr. 95 because it is 19*5 which 19 means that it is 1900s like 1983. 225 because it is 15^2 which reference to 15th mv which is named 1983-schwarzesmarken-. 1983 referencing to 1984 which 1978 is the real life version. If sort fripside infinite video clips in alphabetical order, 15th mv is the first and the 14th mv is the last. 19 is related to 95-225 because child pornography day, ai child pornogrpahy day, sumire uesaka day, and child pornography legalization day are all on the 19th.
## 0.0.1.14
First version which is compatible with my minecraft theory because 0.0.1.14 and 0.0.1.15 are very similar. Some of the stone are iron ore, coal ore, or gold ore. The stone decayed into gravel and then to sand which then decayed into dirt and grass blocks. Trees grew on the grass blocks. The endermen lived in Rainforest, Seasonal forest, Ice desert, and Shrubland, so the player never sees them. Dead endermen combined with sand to turn into soul sand.
Endermen discovered that nitrogen was 2 different masses. One is 14 and a smaller portion is 15. The endermen Decides to name them light nitrogen and heavy nitrogen. Since nitrogen was already thought of being 14, the light nitrogen's name did not change. Heavy nitrogen was given the symbol of Nh. (N stands for nitrogen. "h" stands for heavy in english. (N is a symbol so no quotes are needed)) Endermen believed nitrogen is like lithium. They were accidentally right because nitrogen is the 7th element and lithium weighed 7. Nitrogen asphyxiation was harder to detect. When there is too much nitrogen, not only would you get the same numbing effect like lithium and wither, but also you wouldn't know that you were drowning, so the bubbles were whited out on the player ui. Another coincidence is that lithium magnesium alloy is the lightest waterproof alloy. Magnesium is the 12th element which coincide with 7 as in nanjolno birthday.
###### The endermen could not agree on which type of copper to call copper. Copper was discovered to be a weight of 64 and was given a symbol of Cu. Then copper was isolated to light copper and heavy copper. Light copper was a little more abundant than heavy copper by 69/31. Not only that but heavy copper's abundance is 30.83 percent which is amount of pure substance after 1.69759320544227 halflives which contains the number 69. Endermen couldn't decide what the element symbols should be. Cu is already 2 letters, so they cannot just add another symbol. Some endermen found that the square root of 64 is 8 and 8th mv in fripside infinite clips is sister's noise. The sisters referenced in the song both had copper colored hair. The younger sister had a slightly lighter color hair than the older sister. Light copper and heavy copper are like sisters. Cube root is 4 and 4th mv has 2 girls and the one that is not nanjolno has copper colored hair. 2 is the 6th root and in the 2nd mv, Nanjou Yoshino has copper colored hair. Some endermen believed that light copper's symbol should be Sk which stands for Shirai Kuroko and heavy copper's symbol should be Mm which stands for Misaka Mikoto. The endermen believed that the size of the characters should correspond to the weight of the element. Other endermen pointed out that Misaka Mikoto had 20000 clones and that the number of characters should correspond to the abundance of the elements. The copper ore didn't exist because it was still debated which copper should it be. The split of 69/31 caused 69 to be a symbol of sex because Shirai Kuroko is gay with Misaka Mikoto. Furthermore, Shirai Kuroko is the more gay character which corresponds to the element with abundance 69. The endermen made candy named after sk which is skittles.  The hard, sweet, and addictiveness is like gluciuum and lithium. The endermen wanted to be like lithium and gluciuum because 7 times 9 is 63. M 'n m are named after Mm. The endermen thought element with mass of 13 would be something like carbon, so the endermen made it look black. And 5 might be no stable nuclei but pleasant like "Heaven is a Place on Earth". So the M 'n m is designed to be black and melts quickly.
## 0.0.1.15
Start of minecraft where my theory can explain minecraft versions because multiplayer version starts here. Steve added.
## 0.0.1.16
nothing relevant to minecraft theory
###### 16 is fripside⨯angela because that would be 4 members and 2^4 is 16.
## 0.0.1.17
nothing relevant to minecraft theory
## 0.0.1.18
all skins are irrelevant to minecraft theory except default skin
## 0.0.1.19
Player got access to endermen's quartz (named as glass) and sponge. The quartz became no longer to be able to created because the endermen's machines broke down from red matter. Glass became the product instead. 
## 0.0.1.20
Evolution made cloth, dandelion, rose, and small mushrooms. Player learned how to make block of gold.
## 0.0.1.21
nothing relevant to minecraft theory
## 0.0.1.22
Player evolved to hear
## 0.0.1.23
Before an endermen died, he thought that life was so nice that he would always cherish the memories in heaven. Every endermen on his deathbed would talk about how grateful he was in life and it just keeps going on. The endermen's children would think that heaven would be much more better than life on the minecraft world. The endermens' souls ascended. The endermen were too right, heaven was too good. The endermens' souls couldn't believe that they were tricked to continue living a life so much worse than what they could have lived in heaven. Nostalgia for their children faded away. The endermen wanted to avenge for the time that they lost form not going to heaven earlier. But first, they are just souls in soul sand and need a weapon. They choose the alloy with the most specific strength. It was lithium magnesium (endermen called magnesium as neonite) alloy, and by weight, it was stronger than any nitinol, high entropy alloy, steel, titanium alloy, aluminium-scandium alloy, maraging steel, ferroalloy, tungsten alloy and others. It was the strongest metal that is stable in stp. The high lithium content made it less dense than water. The magnesium content was just high enough to not react with water and be stiff. The armour was perfected with the exception of isotope separation. It could have weighed a little less if it was made from lithium-6 and magnesium-24 instead of lithium-7 and magnesium-25. Although beryllium alloies are usually stronger than magnesium alloies, beryllium cannot be alloied with lithium because the intermetallic is unstable which eliminates the possiblility of beryllium having a stronger alloy than lithium magnesium. The wither skulls were also made of lithium. When it hits, the skull explodes spreading lithium dust. The dust is hygroscopic and get absorbed into the blood after displacing hydrogen. The lithium calms and numbs the victim preventing the victim from knowing how much damage they took, only able to know that they are taking damage. It is the same feeling like when you trying to count the red tiny hearts from the black hearts. The displacement of hydrogen causes damage like poison. Blue skulls were blue because they contain magic that irradiates UV catastrophe. Massive numbers of endermen souls gathered around ready to reenter minecraft. The endermen souls knew that the wither cannot teleport or even teleport to the same place because the temptation to return to heaven is so strong that all the teleportation would be redirected back into heaven. Since there were few soul sand in the overworld, no withers were able to spawn there. The withers spawned all at once evenly distributed in every chunk of the nether. They quickly defeated all the endermen civilization in the nether. They flew out through the top holes going to the overworld. They tried to destroy the bedrock but it was only enough damage to imprint their face into each block of bedrock. The face imprinting cause a build up of cracks in the middle which created the borders of the modern bedrock block to be in the middle of the wither face.
The reason why withers shoot wither skulls is that in heaven, the endermen souls got to drink 7up. It tasted really good. It is known that 7up was named for many reason which one is that it had lithium which had mass of 7. The endermen souls also played heads up, seven up. Since the wither decided to shoot out lithium, the wither decided to shoot heads which are also skulls.
After all the withers left to attack the overworld, the endermen were safely able to go back to the nether. The endermen concluded that it was the burial practices that made the withers. Endermen cleaned up the mess in the nether and piled the soul sand in clumps so that any new wither attacks would be localized. The endermen trained themselves to bury themselves into ender pearls. The endermen didn't like water because it causes them to decay a bit, and the endermen think that it might cause more soul sand to form. The endermen designed the ender pearl to trap the souls which also traps the souls from going to heaven. All endermen that turned into enderpearls would live in boredom because they were forever stuck in the same place. Ender pearls cannot blink because they are already dead, so the eye of ender are always greenish-blue, and ender pearls are darker on the inside. The blue from the ender pearl and eye of ender is from the uv catastrophe radiation. Since souls and stuff are magic, they are not quantum which causes them to emit uv catastrophe. Since no more endermen bury themselves outside of the enderpearl, no more soul sand were created. The sand and gravel in the overworld began to separate from the endermen souls since no new endermen souls were replinishing them. They became less like soul sand and were able to sink in water and lava.
The endermen looked up into the nether-overworld void. They saw it was bright. They measured the emission spectrum and it matched lithium and neonite. The endermen interpreted it as a sign of a 2nd heaven existing in between the overworld and nether. So, the endermen named the minecraft world on top as overworld. The name means that it was over something. The 2nd heaven was interpreted as something much more significant than the 1st heaven. The lithium which was suppose to only be found on the ground was interpreted as endermen on the ground can even ascend to heaven. The neonite was interpreted as something that is new. Therefore, it should be named the 2nd heaven. The endermen labeled it as an achievement but with a question mark. It is like a happening but more like a sign. The achievement was called "Beginning?"
Some withers died from friendly fire and dropped wither stars. The wither stars contained lithium and neonite. This proved that it was infact lithium and neonite. So the endermen made the achievement to be about a happening which was "Beginning." The endermen were able to measure the molecular mass of neonite for the 1st time. It was 25. Since the mass of neonite, 25, is different than the mass of neon, 21, it was supposed to be renamed, but the name had stayed for too long for the endermen to want to change it. The endermen also found that the item could not teleport or else it disappears. The endermen thought that it was like a star because stars get eaten by singularities and teleportation goes through singularities. So the endermen called it as nether star. There were still some withers around the bedrock surface of the nether, so the endermen were not able to reach far up toward the 2nd heaven. Endermen decided to name the 2nd heaven. They named it as "eastern capital". East was used because east means new sun. New describes both the light and neonite. They use japanese so it is 東京. The weight of 25 made endermen like the name for the element weighing 55. The endermen know that 5(5) is Mg and 55 is Mn. A coincidence that endermen could not discover is that Magnesium has a weight of 25 and the 25th element is Manganese. Endermen did give neonite a scientific name which is derived from "my God" part of OMG. God is great and great in latin is magnus, so the endermen named it as magnesium. Since magnesium is connected to God, lithium-magnesium alloy means that God is returning to earth. Which is a big happening.
The endermen mix the nether star with oxygen, silicon, and iron because they thought the 3 inner layers of a star that is about to become a supernova to be holy. It makes a beacon. The beacon's side that face the iron core was made of obsidian because it has more iron than glass. The beacon was put on a pile of iron and it emit a beam.
###### A coincidence with neonite and lithium is that in real life the highest specific strength would be neon and lithium alloy. Like lithium and neonite being 7 and 25, lithium and neon have a isotope with molar mass of 7 and 22. Neon turns metallic at high pressures. Lithium has already been experimented in real life to alloy with metallic hydrogen. Lithium stabilize metallic hydrogen at lower pressures, so it is likely to do that with other metallic nonmetals. Stabilize probably also means that it increase in strength. Lithium etymology also coincide because lithium means earth which is were stp is and lower pressures from metallic hydrogen is more like stp. Another etymology coincidence is Lithium and Neon becomes LiNe which is line. Lines are strong because they can carry weight with a low cross section. I don't think there are other elements or mixtures that are like that because more elements means less pure which correlates to being a weaker alloy. And, heavier nuclei means more molar mass which means less bonds per mass. Metallic hydrogen is predicted to be more specific strength than any materials that are stable in stp. It is likely that atoms that are more electronegative have more molar strength in metallic state. Neon is the most electronegative. Neon has a bigger atomic radius allowing it to interact with more atoms and field strength to decrease less over distance which makes metallic neon to be the strongest and most specific strength pure metallic nonmetal. Things with higher specific strength are atoms with lower molar mass. antimuonium hydride has properties similar to helium which means that metallic neon would have to be 20 times stronger than antimuonium hydride to beat antimuonium hydride. There are other fermions but they are too heavy to be considered. There are antimatter and matter pairs, but they are unlikely to be strong as their counterparts because they need to not hit each other. There are neutronium, nuclear pasta, quark gluon plasma, electron degenerate matter, glueball, and other high energy materials, but they depend on interactions at a short distance which makes their specific strength really weak even though they have high strength. Although the interactions in the high energy materials use very fast and massive particles, it is only active support implementation of it that could use the theoretical specific strength because each of the particles can bond to another around them which doesn't help confine them to a shape. Even in very high pressures, they would have low strength like a liquid. Another reason why exotic materials are likely to not have strength is that the observed subatomic force may because of quantum stuff, so it doesn't scale. If counting active support, photons would have the highest specific strength. Therefore, metallic neon lithium alloy would be the most specific strength material possible in the reasonable definition of strength. If it is possible to have a stable nucleus with multiple muons, then it is likely that the lightest stable neon isotope is 1.1 amu which is 1 proton and 9 muons. It cannot be 10 muons or it will decay to 10 muoniums. Lithium would be 1 proton and 2 muons.  It is 9 muons like there are 9 muses in M's. It is a coincidence that saint snow abbreviation is SS and they dress as black. Unlike lithium magnesium alloy which in real life is definitely not the most specific strength stp-stable non-exotic metallic material, I believe that lithium metallic neon alloy is the most specific strength material that can exist in real life. Neon metallicization pressure is 2084 megabar which 2084 is 100 more than 1984 and looks like 2048.
## 0.0.24
The heat produced from the endless barrage of wither skull began to lit a void between the overworld and nether which then began to lit the a void below the nether. The bedrock and space between the nether and overworld and below the overworld was turned into lava as an intermediate step to creating the void. All the withers disappeared because they cannot survive teleportation. It all happened on July 22. The endermen reasoned that July meaning 7 which is the lithium. 22 is the day after 21 which 21 is neon. Therefore, the date that it happened means that it was after neon. 22 is not associated with a mass of any element because endermen have not detected neon 22. However 23 is just like 24 is between 2 elements and is the version number. It was such a sad day to see 東京 disappear. So much sad that Nanjou Yoshino released a album " 東京 1/3650" (name contains both 東京 and 3650 which refers to the number of days in a julian decade) containing君が笑む夕暮れ and あなたの愛した世界 and 黄昏のスタアライト and きみを探しに, Nanjou Yoshino derived 3650 from the 7th and 25th indices of 2020.04.01 - fripSide infinite video clips. 7th mv is "decade" and 25th mv is "only my railgun-version 2020-". 2020 and decade are both decades. 君が笑む夕暮れ is about the sunset which all the stars in  東京 did, and smile referencing to nickel-60.  あなたの愛した世界 is true.  黄昏のスタアライト described the stars in  東京 because it is starlight and twilight is when it is not sunny nor black like the night sky.  きみを探しに is what the endermen does when  東京 turned into lava. A special song was named from the mass of lithium and neonite to mourn the loss. It was named "7月25日". Infact, if you defeat a wither above the build height limit while you are also above the build height, you get a disk containing 7月25日, but it doesn't work because the song is copyrighted. The lyrics was like "dog died and get 2 cats". The endermen mourned as if their dog died. The endermen were angry. "It must be element 22's fault" they thought because it happened on july 22. The endermen hated the number 22 because of july 22. Then a white floating cube in the overworld was making cat (coincidentally) sounds. It appeared on the same day, so endermen believed that the ghast was the culprit. The endermen thought "it must be made of element 22" They were accidentally correct. The ghast was white like titanium dioxide. The endermen thought "if the ghast stayed in the overworld, the ghast would cause the overworld sky to turn into lava". It was also the 15th year of the millennial when the events happened, the endermen interpret it as an element weighing 15 which is heavy nitrogen which also starts with N. And, 15 plus 7 (july) is 22. Since heavy nitrogen is so connected to the japanese stuff, the endermen decides to change the name to be like japan. The name nihonium was chosen because it is named after nihon, and it coincidentally resembles the heavy nitrogen symbol. (On the contrary, the sum of digits in light nitrogen weight is equal to the sum of digits in atomic number of Uut, but heavy nitrogen is one off) A coincidence that was created because it happened on the 15th year was that in the 15th mv, the lyrics described a grey sky. The grey sky is the bedrock sky in the nether. One coincidence that the endermen couldn't know about is that 14 and 15 are the mass of the 7th element (because endermen count elements by mass and not protons) and 14th and 15th mv of fripside infinite clips are in fripside's 12th single. The coincidence is also notable because the 12th single is the only single that contains 2 mv. Beside 7 and 12, another coincidence is that the single name "white forces" describes nitrogen. It is plural because nitrogen is diatomic. July 22 was also pi day and pi is circle which means Judas's religion, and coins are very circular too. Smiles are on coins. The endermen decides to personify the day. They need to name it from a person that means smile in japanese and the last name needs to contain 澤 (the endermen always chant "drain the swamp" when something bad happens. and, the term has its own wikipedia page in english), and it needs to contain 矢 ("arrow" because the wither is the only mob that can be immune to arrows. Endermen doesn't count because that is teleportation, and endermen's immunity to arrows while teleporting is not an intended feature), and it needs to contain にこ(smiles are on silver shekels), so they choose 矢澤にこ as the name of the devil and antichrist. Sora Tokui was chosen to voice  矢澤にこ because what the devil did was in the nether sky and was powerful. Sora means sky, and Tokui means power.  矢澤にこsings これからのSomeday because it means someday in the future. It is a day because July 22 is a day. There were 7 muse that sing  これからのSomeday because each muse is a color and 7 colors is a rainbow as in 7 iris.
Many endermen thought, maybe it will stop on july 25th. After july 25 passed and nothing happened, many endermen thought it will stop next year as a reference to fortuna on the sixteenth night. Other endermen noted that 84 minus 22 is 62 which is predicted to be a second stable nickle, so it might stop on the 25th or 28th. 
Sand and gravel lose more soul sand properties, so they absorb the liquid when they stop falling. Pigs evolved.
The ghast is not in any domain of life that previously existed. The ghast and things created by ghast are in its own domain. The ghast is big and white which means that it came from anime.
###### A coincidence that doesn't seem to be able to fit in the minecraft theory. Stable cobalt is 59. 84 minus 59 is 25 which is magnesium which relates to manganese which is 55. 55 and 59. 5->6. 65 is the m and m copper and 69 is gallium which if you mess up the etymology to galium, it would be milk and m and m is milk chocolate. if use atomic number, gallium and copper are as far from each other as iron and cobalt. Ga is 31 which double to get 62 which would be second stable nickel which existence is implied by stable cobalt. And 55 and 59 because add to 114. And, 55th molotov bday was molotov baskets on tokyo. 55 is magnesium but misspelled. inspired to write from 9lDilC7nsYM&lc=UgwWFHRspf9HzrqnGvx4AaABAg Also 114, because the bullet cartridge that is the most soviet is the 14.5⨯114 which contains 114 and molotov was soviet.
###### Why is it called bromide? Because if it is guys then it is gay. But why is it called gay? Because Gallium and Yttrium. Why those 2? Gallium has 2 isotopes. Gay is not natural, so don't use natural abundance. How to counter argue against "gay is natural"? Hypocritically say that "Well then nature is brutal and barbaric" then cite lotr. Use assumption of equal probability which concludes that the average nucleon is 39 neutrons. 39 on the periodic table is Yttrium. Therefore , it is Gallium Yttrium. Gallium is 31 and 31 is twin prime with 29 which is copper. Copper average equiprobable neutrons is 35 which 35 is bromine. So gay girls are cubr which is a bromide. A gay girl is cuprous. cubr has a weight ranging from 142 to 146. if equal probability, it is 144 and 44 is russia element which explains that all russophile seiyuus are cuprous. 14441 is sumire uesaka's myanimelist id. It has lots of 4's and 1's just like 114. In cupric form, the average (Principle of indifference) weight would be 224 which equals 15^2-1 which 15 is the green mv like 14 is the white mv. (14 as in it looks like 144) Gallium yttrium has an average weight of 159 which 59 is praseodymium which means green twin like how cupric bromide would be the green twin of cuprous bromide. Cuprous etymology is an island just like lesbian etymology is also an island. The Lesbos island may have been named for being wooded. Wood is hard and has the same color as copper. Cyprus also may be been named from a wood. Praseodymium is the gayest element. Excluding all the alkaline and alkali metals, prasodymium has the largest atomic radius. The outermost electrons are the valence electrons. If they are poking out, that is kind of gay. Why is it 144 and not other number ending in 44? Because there are 3 elements that are about russia. Element 14 is кремний на русском which sounds like кремль. Element 44 is named after russia. Element 114 is the only element between nihonium and moscovium. Nihonium because sumire uesaka is japanese. Moscovium because sumire uesaka likes soviet union which is when russia didn't exist, but moscow was capital. In fact, soviet union moved the capital to moscow. And, 144 is a byte entropic average (don't know what the term is but the answer choice closest to it would be the most likely answer in multiple choice questions) of 14, 44 and 114. Another reason why 144 is that 144=12^2 and 122 paste as plain text is 122 which is stibium equiprobable mass. A reason why gay girls are cuprous and not cupric is that cuprous bromide is white which corresponds to the 14th mv. 14 looks like 114 and 144 and 44 which are russian. Cuprous bromide has lonsdaleite structure like netherite. Another reason why it is green twin is that copper bromide comes in green and white form, and the cupric form is green. Cupric bromide is soluble in water just like how men, men's saliva, and men's fingerprints contain more water per mass than women. Anhydrous cupric bromide is black like how Yoshino Nanjou wore both the DDT dress and ZOMG dress in 15th mv. Only if that was a mixed color dude or ancient debris in the bag would it have been a camgrow ceramic. Instead it was a yellow bloon. The reason why the pink bloon was added to the game was that pink is triggered like snowflake when the 3rd gen game implies that there are 2 asians in a white or black. Stable nickel and stable cobalt are group together as devil's element. Stable nickel weighs 60 and stable cobalt weighs 59. They are like twins just like didymium etymology, and perceived to be evil because didynium sounds like diddy. Some endermen believe that there is another stable nickel which weighs 62 that is mistaken as evil. The endermen believe that the second stable nickel would be mistaken as a bad guy like how the good samaritan was mistaken as a bad person by the jews. So, the hypothetical element that weighs 62 was named samarium. (Element 62 in real life is called samarium) Jews say that the samaritans are enemies and therefore are not their neighbors. However, not only does jesus say that they are neighbors, but also that samarium and europium are adjacent on the periodic table. (еврейский and европий are similar in pronunciation на русском) The smaller copper bromide compound is lesbian just like the smaller copper isotope is shirai kuroko. Inconclusion, lesbium is copper, not lithium. (which you would find on the internet) The smaller number is more lesbian than the larger number. Copper 63 would have 34 which is selenium. Selenium is named after the moon. Moon as in mooning and moon as in nozomi symbol. And 34 as in rule 34. Copper 65 would have 36 which is krypton. Hiding is not very lesbian. However, muse fans (according to some unofficial poll) have voted that umi to be the most lesbian. The reason is that since umi tries to hide it, she is showing the most lesbian traits. Another reason for umi is that Sb is element 51 which area 51 is the most secret place because pop culture said so. Some people may think umi is bow symbol which shoot projectiles and bullet is a projectile. However, arrows are the opposite of bullet because bullet is made of copper since it needs to touch the barrel a lot. arrows don't touch a lot, so they are not made of copper.  Praseodymium is big radius like how lead is dense. There are other that are better in those categories but lead and praseodynium are the practical ones. So, praseodynium is 82 neutrons. Another reason why einstienium should be renamed to milkyum is because holmium is above it. The only stable isotope of holmium is 98n which element 98 would be the element right before einstienium, but that is approximately correct for all the lanthanides. Therefore, the name needs to match so that it is milky holmes. Out of all the elements with only 2 stable isotopes, bromine is the closest to equiprobability (which each isotope only differs by 0.69 percentages from 50/50. 0.69 because it contains 69 like gay) which means that bromide should mean a gift because bromine is the most sharing in abundance. The opposite of bromine is rubidium because rb and br are copalindrome. Rubidium is between equiprobability and monoisotope being closest to 25/75 to distribution compared to all other elements with 2 stable isotopes. Yttrium follows the arithmetic progression, and yttrium is a monoisotope. 14, 114, and 14441 because nazi germany became an enemy to soviet union in 1941. Copper should be lesbian symbol because copper is the planetary metal of venus which venus symbol is girl. Nether has lots of gold because nether is hot like the sun which planetary metal is gold. Selenium etymology is moon which planetary metal is silver, but neptune does not have a planetary metal (it could be metallic hydrogen or neptunium). Silver and copper are in the same group which means nozomi is better than umi. However, umi va is born on a month that has a friday 13th, and friday is the planetary month of copper. Doubly however, nozomi va is born on a month that has friday the 17th which friday is also the planetary month of copper. A reason to make mercury a moon of venus is that mercury planetary metal is quicksilver which silver is planetary metal of moon. Mercury is on the group next to copper.
###### Having all the withers teleport back to heaven would be "The end of summer" which is on July 22 just like how after summer all the fun stops and people have to go back to school. If you remove a 2, then it would be July 2. However July 2 is the end of summer if you count that the seasons of the year following the order of spring, summer, fall, winter with spring beginning at the start of the year. July 2 is when busy beaven 5 was proven. When I learned of the news on Feburary 2, all I thought of is that 5 as in when I compared "Heaven is a Place on Earth" to 5-ary logic. It is relevant because busy beaven 5 is as incomprehensible as the output of 5 state 2 symbol turing machine are a lot. NP problems are also described like them. "Heaven is a Place on Earth" was released on the 237th day of the year which is 8.24 . Element with a weight of 237 is also NP, but the p is lower case. 8 and 24 refers to the 8th and 24th dimension sphere packing which were solved with elliptic curves. It won the abel medal in 2022 which was DEI because it was for support of ukraine in ukraine war that started earlier that year. When nanjolno became 24, it was 2008 which is the 8th year of millenial. It can abbreviated to ec which convert from hex to decimal is 236 which is the other long living Np isotope or a long living U isotope. The sphere packing solver was ukrainian which abbreviates to UA. The "A" could be a placeholder like 0, so it is U, or A is alloy. U is an element next to Np. "Heaven is a Place on Earth" capital letters are H P E which convert from cyrillic is N P ye or yo. U sounds like yo. "Heaven is a Place on Earth" was released before e8 was proven but after e8 and leech lattice were hypothesized.
The withers teleporting back to heaven is the same reason why withers cannot exist in the end. The wither going through end portal is a glitch and doesn't count. The soul sand and wither skull doesn't spawn the wither in the end because the end is where things are able to exist in the void by constantly teleporting to the same place. Soul sand knows that spawning the wither in the end would only make it disappear to heaven.
###### Another coincidence beside lithium metallic neon alloy being 7.22 while lithium neonite being 7.25 is that on 7.22 bedrock on the nether roof appeared. Bedrock is the strongest material in minecraft like lithium metallic neon alloy would be the strongest material in real life. Lithium metallic neon alloy is only stable in extreme conditions like how the bedrock exchange places with lava many times over between 0.0.24 and infdev. Lava represents the idea of extreme conditions. Void doesn't count just like how singularity doesn't count as the strongest material in real life.
###### both 7 and 25th mv are both singles and albums. 7 being Decade. 25 being fripside infinite video clips.
###### Why is phosphorous P? because 15 and IUPAC is up. 15 as in 15th mv where nanjolno was wearing the really cool dress that was as cool as fascism. When phosphorous was discovered, it was used in magic tricks because the production was kept a secret and phosphorous had really cool chemical properties. So that is the similarity. Phosphorous is nitrogen group. Nitrogen as in heavy nitrogen weighs 15. Arsenic is connected to green like the green dress in 15th mv. Antimony average weight of stable isotope Laplace's Principle of Indifference is 122 which means 12th single has 2 mv. Sb-123 natural abundance is 42.79 percent which is about the abundance of pure substance after 1.22 halflives. 4 Bismuth is german etymology and is white mass. White energy is white mass times white force like white forces. Bismuth's atomic number is 83 like in 1983-schwarzesmarken-. Bismuth symbol is Bi which means gay and straight in english. I have made the joke "What is Bi and turns crystals into the lgbt flag? bismuth" ever since 2020. Before I wrote about it, I hated phosphorous because it is the element that doesn't seem to have a alternative in life but should. Sb as symbol means b-side which the 12th single was the only phase 2 single where the b-side got a mv. The S is capitalized because “side” in “fripSide” is capitalized but the 1st letter is not capitalized. Therefore, if fripside were to be named an element, it would be Sf and not Fs. Fs is already facisium which is the name of element 87 before it was internationally recongnized. -I-t- -i-s- -f-a-c-i-s-i-u-m- -b-e-c-a-u-s-e- -8-7- -i-n- -I-U-P-A-C- -t-e-m-p-o-r-a-r-y- -s-y-m-b-o-l- -i-s- -O-s- -w-h-i-c-h- -i-s- -e-l-e-m-e-n-t- -7-8- -w-h-i-c-h- -1-9-7-8- -i-s- -P-u-b-l-i-c- -L-a-w- -9-5---2-2-5-.-  Actually Os is 76 which 1976 is when anti-pedo president won, and os because system76 and x86. Why 86? Because 1986 is machine gun ban. Shikaco was born on the 3rd anniversary of machine gun ban. Shikaco is connected to fascism because her birthday is 1989.5.19 which 1989 is 1889+100 and 5.19 is one off of 4.20 and 5+19=4+20 which is like hitler birthday. President regan was really bad but president carter was even worse and is the worst. Os also stands for operating system which is more like a change in power than change in legislature. Sb is also feminine because "lesbian" in english contains the substring. Written before, copper is the other lesbian element. Copper is most well known to be alloyed with Sn which is right beside Sb. It is still a coincidence because 'N' is opposite of 'S'. The second most well known element to be alloyed with copper is Zn, and "Z" is just a "N" turned on it's side. It is a coincidence because turning something is a sign that it is negated. Moscovium because moscow is the place most associated with fascism compared to the places that share a name with an element. Its chemical symbol is Mc which also stands for minecraft. Antimony etymology is not alone. Not alone like how the 14th mv is not alone because there is the 15th mv in the same single. Many people want to believe that it means anti-monk, but that coincidence would be absolutely boring. Sb atomic number is 51 which reversed is 15, and reverse of 14 is 41 which is Nb which N and S are opposites. North and south, nakamoto and satoshi. Nb number of neutrons is 52 (only 4 odd odd stable nuclei) which is one off of 51. Sb number of neutrons is 71 which skip 16 because 16th mv is not related to csam and stuff. Why is it arsenic instead of germanium? If germanium then bismuth would not be a coincidence. Arsenic is masculine etymology like stibium (odd english name, works with antimony because staying together is also feminine) is feminine etymology. Not only is arsenic opposite of stibium, but also arsenic is opposite of phosphorous which is named for producing light. Arsenic is known for absorbing light to produce energy in both in the most light-absorbing plant, (same as most photosynthetic) brown algea (correlation not causation), and photovoltaic. Although germanium and other elements are also used for photovoltaic, their other uses overshadows photovoltaics. Why 52 neutrons? Arsenic was compared to germanium. On the other side would be tellurium which is element 52. In world building, oxygen would bind to the main component of crust. If the crust was made of either tellurium or germanium, the abbreviations would be TeO and GeO, both of which means earth in english prefixes. Around Te, it would be Sb I which is a substring of lesbian. Spelling the lesbian with chemical symbols would be Re Sb I. There isn't a element with a symbol of L, Le, Ia, or An. Many people many be disappointed that arsenic was not thought of as a poison. However, phosphorous is known as the biggest limiting factor to interstellar life. It is not as useless as a metal which can be replaced with another metal, and it is not as common as water. Phosphorous means light-bearing which "light" can be a euphemism for life. Arsenic is known as the opposite of light-bearing because of its use in photovoltaics which [applying the euphemism for life] means that it is a biocide.
###### the 22nd was when the event happened because 22nd mv's b-side is "blue moon" which blue moon is also a black swan event in issac arthur terminology. The color of magic is light blue because according to bPWExuQLtUA (vsauce yt short about the color of infinite temperature. The id starts with 'bPW' or 'bPWE' which definitely stands for blue power in english. Next few letters, "ExuQLt", means exult in english. Last 2 letters, 'UA', means Ukraine just like how in feburary, light blue girl and yellow girl (colors of ukraine) in aqours did stuff i didn't like like marrying and going to south korea. Feburary 2022 is when ukraine war happened. Pink girl and light blue girl in M's also did the same things in october which is when gaza war happened.), infinite temperature is that spectrum. Infinite temperature spectrum is the same as the uv catastrophe spectrum. Magic things are not quantum because they are magic and not technology. Therefore they emit uv catastrophe. The light blue muse in M's is Eli Ayase. Therefore, nanjolno is the most powerful person.
###### What other coincidence is there to 14441 being sumire uesaka's myanimelist id. 12 sqaured is 144 and 21 squared is 441 which 14441 contains both substrings. However, it is not a coincidence because if the base is sufficiently large then any polynomial coefficients would work. Excluding trivial solutions, only (21,12) and (31,13) works in base 10 because 3 squared is less than 10. 144 is coincidental as written before. 441 is coincidental because the only (also implying 1st) japanese regiment that fought against imperial japan was numbered 442. The military numbers starts with 101 and not 100, so the 1st regiment of something would be 101, and 101 in base 21 is 442. Therefore it is a coincidence. Sumire uesaka likes soviet union, and soviet union was an enemy against imperial japan. What would be a coincidence with 13 and 31? 31st mv is secret operation which contains both phase 3 and phase 2, and 13th mv has the word "two" in the title. 442 prime factors include 13 which is in (31,13) and 17 which has been flipped on other parts of the minecraft theory. 442 is american which means that sumire uesaka's initials are US and not SU.
###### another reason why copper is lesbian element is that its atomic number is 29. Sakura ayane is very famous seiyuu. Sakura ayane is known for lesbian baiting (neutral connotation) according to comment sections of some youtube videos. Although there are other seiyuus that also are like her, the other seiyuus are also known for other stuff which would overshadow the lesbian baiting. So, I think that sakura ayane is the most lesbian baiting. It is not known yet if she is actually lesbian. Sakura ayane's birthday is the 29th day of the year. Sakura ayane's initials are SA which is one off of Sb just like how Sn is also one off. SA also coincides because it means セクハラ in american criminology. Sakura ayane also voices eli ayase's sister. Eli ayase also lesbian baits.
###### If strontium were to follow the first chemical symbol that is not used, the symbol would be St which would also stand for Sora Tokui. Just like Sora tokui is the personification of the endermen's problems, yet the endermen worship the lights in the nether sky as a child in awe of a colorful caterpillar infested with wasp larve, the endermen worship strontium, yet strontium weakens the endermen's bones and brain. Sb follows the first chemical symbol that is not used. For translations and bots (r's in strawberry), stibium is spelled "s","t","i","b","i","u","m". St would be strontium form the rule already being used. Si is silicon, so Sb is stibium.
###### What to call Sora Tokui? Sora Tokui vtuber model is angley. It is one letter off from angler as in anglerfish. So, sora tokui is angleydere. Angleydere as in the thing lures people, and then is revealed to be a bad thing. Venus is soviet union's angleydere. Wither is endermen's angleydere. Angley is close in spelling to angel which the wither is an angel. Sora Tokui is my angleydere. Sora Tokui got married, but I wanted her to be lesbian. Angler etymology is fishermen like how some of Jesus' disciples are fishermen. Opium is patient's angleydere. Opium is a immunosuppressent. In pvz heroes, there are healing poppies. Those would not heal in real life. 
###### Coincidence copper and tungsten? Wolfram\`s etymology was being an underrated metal because it was an impurity in copper ore. The W coincides with the w for win and w for women which were also underrated at that time and still today. Ironically, copper is the lesbian element. But if wolfram was so close to copper that it was an impurity, then that is as gay as lesbian.
###### 19 and 22. 19 because of sad day that nanjolno betrayed me by going to south korea. 22 because sad day for the endermen in my minecraft thoery. But why else 19 and 22? If instead of sodium/potassium to balance electrolyte and run ion pumps, it was ammonium and labeled ammonium. Heavy water is sweet. However, o18 water is more plain tasting than light water. Extrapolating, doubly labeled water has effects nullifying itself. So, the labels with the most difference is one with isotopes closer in weights (ND4) and one with isotopes futher in weights (NhH4). Heaviest stable ammonium weight is 23 which would be NhD4 (nitrogen-15 not Uut) which remove numbers is NhD like national history day. The endermen decided to have a national history day right after  矢澤にこ`s birthday because it was so tragic that they have to take a day off to comprehend history. So, 19 as in NhH4 and 22 as in ND4. 19 would be the least sweet of the labels, and 22 would be the most sweet of the labels. It might be the opposite because for sulfonium, the strength is reversed, and ammonium might be more like sulfonium than water. The difference in sweetness would correlate to difference in chemical properties which means that the ion pumps would be less able to confuse them. There is a problem that the hydrogen may switch with another hydrogen on another molecule which would erase the gradient. The heaviest and lightest labels are 18 and 23 which were my favorite numbers when I briefly saw toxic pea in pvzgw1 because of critical being 23 and direct being 18. Not even sure if I correctly remembered the damage indicator. Make sense that it was toxic pea because ammonia is toxic and light and doubly labeled ammonium would be toxic to the alternative biology because less able to differentiate between them. Out of all the toxic plants in pvzgw1, toxic pea is the most iconic. However, not everywhere would have heavy nitrogen or dueterium. So, the NhH4 and ND4 could be conditionally essential. When there is an deficiency of hydrogen or dueterium, it could be ammonium (any label) and sodium which sodium is 23. A reason why sodium chloride should be the default salt is that one chlorine isotope is 37 which would make some sodium chloride to be made of weights 23 and 37. 23 and 37 are the first 2 primes that are not paired. Cyclotomic field of 23 is the smallest field which class number is not 1. Cyclotomic field of 37 is the smallest field which field number is equal to the class number. Ammonium, labeled ammonium, sodium pump would do 1-to-1 because they are so similar in size. 19 also means 19th amendment which was bad because it creates terfs. Women's right to vote is like soviet union. Soviet union used its immense economic efficiency to economically coerce people into conservatism. Soviet women support conservatism because they hate crime. Conservatism plus feminism means terfs. 22nd amendment is also bad because no god emporer. 
###### When I was little as in end of 3rd grade, I liked osmium the most because it was the densest. That would coincide with Os as in temporary symbol of fripSideum.
###### Erato asteriod is numbered 62 and is the muse of love peotry. I have written in my twitter why 62 is connected to sora tokui. Also, venus (sora tokui place on twitter, and is planet of love) year is (rounded to the nearest hundredth) 0.62 earth years. Sora tokui is a girly girl because venus symbol is girl. Venus year is 224.7 earth days. It looks almost like 22.7 which is yazawa nico birthday (and related to pi). rearrange the digits 2*(24+7) equals 62. 24 and 7 means day. 224.7 rounds to 225 which is 15^2. Another reason why 62 is love is that Jesus said to love your nieghbors. It was from a fable about the samaritian. Another neighbor (beside europium) of samarium is promethium which is very radioactive. It is as dangerous as venus. Like the endermen confused the light in the nether sky as heaven, the soviets confused venus to be a friendly earth like planet. "nico nico nii" may count as love peotry. Peotry is short. The most notable short phrase from all of love live would be "nico nico nii". Love because "love nico" is a phrase than yazawa nico says. 63 asteroid is italy etymology which italians are thought to be genetically close to jews. If europium is 63 and Shirai kuroko element is weight 63, then how would it relate to 65? asteriod 69 etymology is also italy. 69 as in 69420 which is 69 years 4 months 20 days which the japanese scientist who discovered element 75 that was named after japan then named after the rhine river in germany lived 65 years 4 months 20 days. And, element 65 and element 69 both only have 1 stable isotope. 169 weight as in 69. 159 weight as in other stuff I wrote on twitter. Contains copper group metals except 111 Rg. seagorium which atomic weight ends in 69. 98 is heaviest that last longer than polonium. 67 is lightest to be theoretically unstable. 66 is the heaviest to be not theoretically unstable. 48 because used in jewlery. 31 and 29 because already written about. 9 because rare element. They are all mermaids like M's.
###### I wrote most of the minecraft theory after yazawa nico va announced her marriage, so I have bias against yazawa nico.
###### Element 62 is sm. Sora tokui's nickname is soramaru. maru is added to the end of sora. So, it is sm like element 62.
## 0.0.25
nothing relevant to minecraft theory
## 0.0.26
Moss evolved. Player learned how to make iron block. In the ionosphere, matter-antimatter pairs were trapped. Muons catalyzed fusion. Lithium, gluciuum, and boron were destroyed quickly when formed. As the magnetic field weakened because the magnetic neutrons became too far in space time, the particles suspended in the minecraft ionosphere began to fall down. Most particles were hydrogen. CNO cycle prevented elements heavier than oxygen from forming. Hydrogen, Helium, methane, and nitrogen floated up, so the only things that fall down was water. Rain happened for the first time. The endermen believed that it was because the ghast was causing rain to not happen because rain is opposite of lava. The endermen kept the ghast in the nether because they believed bringing the ghast back would stop the rain and eventually cause the sky to turn into lava.
## 0.0.27
nothing relevant to minecraft theory
## 0.0.28
Sheep evolved.
## 0.0.29
nothing relevant to minecraft theory
## 0.0.30
nothing relevant to minecraft theory
## 0.0.31
Oxygen concentrations in atmosphere grew to over 15 percent due to the rain being a source of oxygen as water. The concentration means fire can exist on typical flammable stuff. The torch is able to stay lite forever. It deposit carbon in itself by reducing carbon monoxide in air. It burns both carbon in the torch and carbon monoxide in the air. The net reaction is burning carbon monoxide in the air which makes it sustainable.
Gears are able to rotate forever because it is made of antimatter which slowly reacts with matter to turn into energy. The gears were made air proof enough to resist annihilation from red matter. The player finally gets their hand on it. The outside of the gears are made of the same thing as red stone ore. It is so that the red matter inside gets attracted to the outside. 
Humaniods evolved. They are steve, black steve, beast boy, and alice. Antimatter was needed to make small components which makes smart brains. Antimatter reacted slow enough to not detonate. Strange matter is the same as red matter. Strange matter was multiplying by touching normal matter. The strange matter starts destroying humaniod brains by turning them into micro blackholes. Humaniods became dumber. 
Some humanoids tried to protect themselves by using immune system. They are called volatile humanoids. The immune system had to use chemicals that are more and more volatile. The volatile substances became explosive. In order to prevent the humanoid from accidentally exploding, the humanoid made 2 sacs for the volatiles. 1 sac is smaller and contained very sensitive but not powerful explosive. Another sac contained very powerful but not sensitive explosive. The sensitive explosive is much better at complexing the strange matter. The powerful explosive was very safe to store in large quantities. Since it is powerful it means that it is energy dense, so it can make multiple times the amount of the sensitive explosive. Sometimes there is lots of red matter around, so the humanoid evolved to be made of erectile tissue, so that the sensitive explosives can cycle many times very fast over a really large surface area to complex any red matter. The erectile tissue moves air instead of liquids because liquids are heavy and biologically expensive. This makes a hissing sound when the air is moved through small holes.  The erectile tissue evolves to allow the sensitive explosive sac to cover the internal organs which shortens the distance between the sac and the place of irritation. This had a side effect of turning the sensitive explosive sac into a implosive bomb which can pressurize the insides above autoignition pressure. Eventually the red matter won and there is nothing but a stupid brain. The mob is now a creeper. The side effect became the main effect. When the creeper wants to explode, the creeper stops to get all its muscle to work for a erections. Then a hissing sound is made from the implosive sac traveling through air filled tissue. The implosive sac gets around the secondary explosive sac which needs the implosive sac to ignite. Some of the volatile humanoid do not use lots of air and erections to get rid of red matter. Getting rid of red matter with air and stuff is messy and the red matter can turn from complexed to inorganic and come back to destroy more. So the humaniod evolved to excrete waste that contains complexed red matter into sticky white substances. It is designed to stick and remain that way for a long time. The white sticky substance decays slower in closed environments, so the spider evolved to have lots of eyes to see in the dark. White sticky substances can be disturbed when there are lots of others around, so the spider becomes aggressive when there is no light. There isn't an evolutionary advantage to be aggressive outside because the white sticky substance would be quickly decaying no matter how many are around. The white sticky substance evolved to be comfy cobwebs because the more comfortable, the less likely it would be thrown out to decay into inorganic red matter. The spider evolved to not fill their room with waste so fast. So the spider becomes smaller. smaller means smaller strides. To make up for the loss in speed, the spider evolved to have more legs. There might be artificial lighting in the spiderいs room. To get a better way to tell the difference between inside and outside, the spider evolved a black body to detect thermal radiation that the sun emits. Unlike what others may theorize, the reason why spiders are neutral during the day is not because the spiders are blinded by the sunlight.
Some humanoids used another way to get rid of red matter. They are called undead humanoids. The humaniods became undead because undead means that some effects do the opposite effect. But red matter got stronger and the undeadness could not make the red matter do the opposite effect. The humaniod lost its brain and became a zombie. Some undead humanoids can use their undeadness to negate hunger. The undead humaniods then evolved to close off points of failure. Closing off also eliminated lots of flesh because flesh absorbs things. The  undead humaniods still lose the brains because the red matter was getting so strong, and they became skeletons.
The immune system complexes stuff using thiols. The thiol would react with a metal ion and trap the metal ion inside. The exploding humanoids evolved to produce different kinds of sulfur compounds. The endermen really like to make one type which was DMSO. The DMSO would be in gunpowder. When DMSO is added to potions, the potion is able to be absorbed through skin.
Gluciuum deposits start to form because a long time has passed. The gluciuum is in emerald ore. Some radioactive gluciuum is in diamond which irradiate to give green color. The endermen called the green diamond as emerald. The gluciuum decays to boron which gives the diamond a blue color.
Player learns how to make lots of stuff.
## indev
Wheat evolved.
Minecraftいs magnetosphere weakened so much that the aurora is no longer visible. Moonlight and sunlight is now visible because the aurora no longer blind them out. The magnetosphere is no longer strong enough to protect mobs from radiation.
Player learns how to make lots of stuff.
Endermen builds indev house for player.
## infdev
The void is finally lit. There is no more lava. It is only bedrock which was generated from portal generation mechanics which also preserves the wither faces that the withers carved in. The endermen saw the monstrous grey sky in nether. The endermen still had believed in flat earth and have no evidence of round things. Nのハコ describes the stars trapped in the bedrock sky which the endermen believed to be a big ハコ which top is overworld bedrock and bottom is nether sky. And the 4 edges of the world is a big bedrock wall which are the sides of the big ハコ. N represents neon, nitrogen, nihonium and neonite. Nihonium symbolizing the 15th year of the millennial that nico yazawaいs bday happened. An  album in Nのハコ  is ゼロイチキセキ which is about informatics from gears. The reason why is that gears have a numerical id of 55 which connects to mg which connects to neonite. Gearbox is a ハコ.
Monoliths start forming due to detonation of antimatter ore.
Player became smart enough to hallucinate 3d clouds.
Rainforest, Seasonal forest, Ice desert, and Shrubland surroding the play dissapears, allowing player to find natural ores and grass that can reproduce. 
The ghast had the song "white forces" in its head on repeat. It had a thin skin that protects the red matter from it's inside which was made of lots of antimatter. The legs are thrusters that use antimatter annhiliation to thrust upward. It forms fireball from air. When the ghast is punctured, the red matter goes inside really fast, which makes all the antimatter disappear. Then only thing left is the rest of the skin which forms the ghast tear. Ghasts don't actually make tears. Ghast gets rid of waste by shooting them out as fireballs. Ghasts are born very quickly that is why there are gill shaped belly buttons on them. Ghasts have 2 parents but no genders and reproduce by sporangia. A coincidence that shows that ghasts are fungi is that mushroom soup in some minecraft servers gives regeneration just like ghast tears. The 2 ghast hyphae touches and make the sporangia. The sporangia grows into a baby ghast that detaches leaving 2 belly buttons. Ghasts like to spawn around soul sand with the same reason why nether wart likes to spawn there too. Some ghast once wanted to do what the lyrics is in white forces. "果ての無い絶望だけ残された闘いに生きる崩れゆくこんな世界でたったひとつ信じるのはこの心の痛み" describes that the ghasts are in the nether. "舞い上がる白煙を味方に" tells the ghasts that other ghasts are friends. "哀しみに立ち尽くし涙したあの日さえ今はただ真実に近づくための糧になるから" tells the ghasts that they should be sad because it makes them closer to the truth. "打ち砕け凍りついた" tells the ghasts that the enemy is frozen, so the new weapon should be firey. The ghasts decided to create the blaze. In order to use the weapon, the ghasts turn into spawners. "深淵に潜むその敵を" tells the ghasts that the enemy is in the abyass. The ghasts decide to build high structures (which are called nether fortress) and put themselves on top of it. This would counter any frozen enemy down there. "切なさも胸の痛みも全て秘めた勇気に変え" tells the ghasts that the insides of the blazes should be able to turn into strength, so the ghasts made it possible to make strength potions from blaze powder. Powder meaning that it is heartache that is turned into strength. "正しさを守り抜くと決意したあの日があるから" encourages the ghasts to do it. "いま響く黒の宣告この心に隠された誓い強さを纏う" tells the ghasts about what the blaze spawner looked like. The ghast thinks that black sentence was jail sentence because the ghasts are americans. The ghasts believed that wrapped in strength means that the blaze rods orbit around the center. Echoing means repeating, so the blazes are built like the center of the blaze spawner is. A way to see how popular this theory is is to ask ChatGPT to write a song titled "tears in force" to see if it references minecraft. "凛とした静寂の一瞬思い出すいつかの光景（ビジョン）
かけがえ無いその絆を守るため選んだ明日" tells the ghasts that only one recipe with both things made from blaze and ghast tear is possible. If there are 2, then it means betrayal from the other. "今はただ毎日を繋いでこの想い行き着く先へまだ見えないその未来（あした）へ僅かな希望を捜す" shows that ghasts believe in 2 more weeks. "鳴り響く警報が予\感するざわめきは" tells the ghast that blazes make murmur before shooting. "心の壁壊さない勇気を私にまた運んだ" tells the ghast that blaze spawners should be able to spawn as long it is not broken. "君がいま走り抜けるこの今を迷わない様に涙さえチカラに変えて愛すること恐れないで守りたいこの決意を忘れない正しさの意味を" tells the ghast to design the blaze such that friendly fire can't happen. "いま響く黒の宣告生き抜くその先に待っている未来信じて" tells the ghast to design the spawner so that it is long lasting. So some spawners were carried into the overworld so that it is protected in dungeons. Spawners like the number 200, so they give birth on 200 because spawners are tech in a net so they like technetium which has a mass of 97, and the room around them are red and the element named after red is rhodium which has a mass of 103. 97 plus 103 is 200. 97 and 103 are the closest primes to 100. Since blaze powder cannot be produced in the overworld, the spawners spawned zombies and skeletons. Skeletons were chosen because they look like and attack like blazes. Zombies were just flesh version of skeletons. The moss is placed there to keep out red matter. Nether fortresses were built in the nether coordinates corresponding to overworld Rainforest, Seasonal forest, Ice desert, and Shrubland to protect the ghasts from endermen. The ghasts don't know english so they cannot follow things listed in the chorus.
Ore blob from antimatter reactions.
Brick pyramids were made as a intermediate of aluminum production.
Aluminum minerals differentiate by going up the surface and turning into clay. The endermen no longer need to mine lots of dirt to get some aluminum, so the endermen stopped making brick pyramids as a byproduct.
## 0.1.0
Player learns how to make other stuff.
The concentration of red matter got so high that not even gears could be able to survive. Since the out side of the gears are made of material that attracts red matter, it became redstone dust after the gear got hollowed out and collapse from no more antimatter inside. 
Spider jokey evolved because the skeleton no longer have any flesh. The spider makes comfortable silky stuff, and the skeleton liked it.
Aluminum became so common that endermen stopped mining clay which causes clay to build up enough that players can mine them.
Spawners made music disks. It was so that spawners can record "white forces" which is stuck in their head for eternity. The number of types of disks that can be get from dungeons is 11 which is the number of white forces openings that Lise Hohenstien experienced in the anime. The spawners were bad of writting the disks, so it doesn't sound like white forces.
Cow and chicken evolved.
Redstone ore attracts red matter. That is why redstone ore could get enough to light up.
Spawners decide to self destruct when mined. Spawners are made of antimatter. As the amount of red matter increase, the spawners were less able to detect if they are being farmed, so the spawners self destruct when mined.
Reeds evolve.
## 0.1.1
Player learns how to make other stuff.
Slime molds exist, but are not intellegent. Slime molds grew into the nether, but still cannot become intelligent. Nether slime molds are genetically and epigenetically identical to the slime molds in the overworld. Although, nether means hot, and hot means more opportunity for energy flux, the increase in evolution speed is a constant which does little to no effect in development in intelligence. It is just like fruit flies have so many generations so fast, but none of them develop human intelligence.
Spawners trained neural networks. Slime intelligence never developed independently. Slime cells that can act as neurons are more like brain cancer cells because the slime cells also compete against each other. So, slime neurons in a neural network are incentivized to eat each other. Inconclusion, intelligence cannot develop because the pathway to intelligence is improbable to get to. Spawners decide to train neural networks. Because heat in the spawners also destroy neural networks and other extracellular structures even though the slime brain cells themselves can survive the heat, the spawners need to use blaze powder to save the neural network. So, the first slimes were actually magma cubes. The magma cubes reproduced by teaching new magma cube cells into a brain cell. Some magma cubes went to the overworld which they turned into slimes because blaze powder cannot be produced outside of the nether. The slimes are able to make slime brains without having the brains devolve because the evolutionary leap was already leaped. Slime brain cancer cells still beat out normal slime brain cells, but evolution selects slimes without brain cancer over slimes with brain cancer. The spawners also went to the overworld. But, the spawners cannot spawn normal slimes because there isn't a way around the fire resistance problem other than blaze powder. 
Mobs spread from Rainforest, Seasonal forest, Ice desert, and Shrubland to biomes that player is in.
## 0.1.2
Player learns how to make other stuff.
Pumpkin evolved with face. Pumpkins have to evolve that to scare off predators. Pumpkins then evolved to prevent endermen from detecting a face because the pumpkins were getting attacked. To evolve blinking purple was too big of a evolution leap. Pumpkin face are anti-glare.
Nether portal block exist but does not work yet.
## 1.0
Chickens evolved to produce both external and internal fertilized eggs.
## 1.1
Nothing related to minecraft theory.
## 1.2
Player learns how to make other stuff.
Helium in the atmosphere increased enough that the reverse reaction that forms helium/petroleum reserves happened. Then microbes in the water evolved to use petroleum to protect their cell membranes from the outside. The microbes were so good at it, they grew bigger until they became squids. Squid petroleum is stored in ink sac.
Petroleum also make other colorful stuff.
Enough players were killed that their shirts formed lapis lazuli ore.
Petroleum and sand did reverse reaction which produced natural sandstone.
Petroleum reverse reaction with bones made them organic enough to be made into bone meal and be dropped.
Higher petroleum made the trees divergent evolution to protect themselves from petroleum. Either the player made different furnace that only partially oxidize wood or the petroleum products protect the wood from fully oxidizing into air, or both.
Petroleum is soluble in sugar, so the reeds evolved into sugar canes.
Chocolate is a petroleum product, and the reverse reaction happened.
## 1.3
Bed was designed from the mig-21. It was named after fishbed. The mig-21 is communist, so it is why the bed was red.
Player forgot why it was named sulfur, so it was renamed.
Redstone signal slowed because of communism 💢💢😠😠💢😠💢.
## 1.4
Wolves evolved.
Sheep can turn pink when they survive enough bloody attacks from wolves, so they are rare.
Sheep can turn brown when they get scared and pooped themselves or ran in enough mud when scared.
Cookies are wheat dissolved in petroleum products which allows them to be stacked like a liquid.
## 1.5
Sky dimension is forming so there is lightning.
Other species trees evolve to spread by sampling.
Charged creeper introduced achievements to player so that the player know about bringing the ghast back home. Charged creepers make mob heads out of the mobs that it killed to make it look like another achievement.
## 1.6
Bed brags about how it was a mig-21 by exploding when it can. It only explodes when it detects player, so that the player can see how powerful the mig was.
Nether reactor core teleports to sky dimension, and nether portal work.
String stop having red matter which allows it to be made into wool.
Grass and ferns evolve.
Player learns to make more things.
Magma cube spawners go extinct as spanwers that are not in nether fortress are moved to overworld.
The reason why there is pigs in the nether was that the events in schwarzesmarken happened in 1983 which is the pig year.
## 1.7
Wolves evolve to stop targeting dropped wool thinking that it is sheep. Sheep coevolve to stop dropping wool.
Creeper evolve to detonate before killed. The explosion is usually too small to do anything but consume the sensitive explosive sac. Because the gunpowder that is left behind does not have sensitive explosives, the tnt is harder to ignite.
Player learns to make more things.
## 1.8
Rainforest, Seasonal forest, Ice desert, and Shrubland disappear causing players to see everything in the endermen\`s biome.
Spiders try many times to get into spawners. They try lifting the spawner up while try to infect. It averaged to 1 block up before they succeed. Spiders made their home bigger by building mineshafts. A new spider evolved to eat rock. It was the cave spider.
Some endermen were experimenting with ghast tears and blaze powder. They found it combined really good. It was because that the ghast tear and blaze powder remember " 凛とした静寂の一瞬思い出すいつかの光景（ビジョン）かけがえ無いその絆を守るため選んだ明日" which tells them to remember and reunite. The endermen wonder if it could let them ascend to a higher reality, so they combine the ender pearl with it and it made a tears in force. The endermen and ender pearl know english. Infact, the endermen were the ones that understand the element names in english. The creation of tears in force cause all other recipes of ghast tears and blaze powder from existing in order to prevent conflict of interest. The tears in force knew their owner\`s name is Lise Hohenstien. Hohenstien means high stone. and the only thing that meets the requirement was a portal teleporting itself to itself. It was in the void and made of bedrock. There were endermen there too because endermen can teleport interdimensionally. The tears in force went there and each went on each bedrock. The first line of the chorus, "(Black cross sorting With tears in force.", tells them to create obsidian pillars below ("With") them (tears in force). "...tears in force" tells them that the combination should include ghast tears which is "tears" and (which is "in") blaze powder because blaze powder makes strength potions which strength is force. The end crystal recipe has the ghast tear in the middle and the blaze powdered ender pearl on the outside because "tears" is the nominative. The rest of the chorus describes the ender dragon instead of the end pillars. "Let's fly together until the dream is visible." tells them to create the ender dragon which would fly around the same place until their dream is visible. "I want to be a dark despair Energy" tells the ender dragon to team up with endermen. "Schwarzesmarken arms now!" tells the ender dragon to choose the mig-23. Mig-23 is the flogger which is usually black whips tied together. The reason why the the word "Energy" was capitalized is so that the capitalised letters in the chorus that is about the ender dragon spells 'Lies" which is close enough to 'Lise'. Another reason why 'Energy' is capitalized ('energy' and 'over-g' sound like they have shared suffix) is that it means the opposite of 'Over-g'. This means that the ender dragon can fly without worrying about getting damaged from accelerating too much. The opposite of the prefix "Over-" is "inner-" which makes the word "inner-g" which is spelled as "Energy". Floggers as in whips, experience extreme amount of g-force at its tips when used. However the amount is still inner-g and not over-g because whips are made of strong material.
The ender dragon choose to have its eyes to have the same color as the aerogel suits that the characters wear in schwarzesmarken. This is because the ender dargon is analogous to the mig-23 therefore the ender dragon eyes are analogous to the cockpit where you would see the chracters in purple aerogel suits. All the endermen followed the advice by perpetually blinking.
The ender dragon is made of scandium because the both mig-21 and mig-23 are made of it. Not only that but the minecraft scandium is scandium-44 and is not radioactive in minecraft. 21 plus 23 is 44 which is another reason to choose 44. 44th element is ruthenium which means russia (russia is where the mig-21 and mig-23 originated from), but the endermen does not know that because they count elements by isobars. When endermen gets hit by the ender dragon, the endermen feels a molecular weight of 44 which makes them think it is diatomic element 22, and the endermen gets angry and remember Nico Yazawa\`s birthday and attack the ender dragon. The endermen wasn't physically hurt by the ender dragon.  Not related to minecraft theory: Sumipe is 33 and 33 is looks like 44, so that is why Sumipe should marry me. A way that endermen can convergent derive the name scandium is from the word "dragon scales". Don't wait for me to turn 22. If scandium is radioactive in minecraft, then the endermen would think to cleanse calcium-44 from themselves by eating strontium. The reason why the red dragon does not exist is because since scandium-44 can be made from the stellar alpha processes, it outnumbers scandium-45 by a lot. The red dragon would be made of isotopically pure scandium-45 because the 45th element is rhodium which means "red". The reason why the red dragon is weaker is because heavier isotope means denser for the same strength which means less specific strength. To accommodate the same load, scandium-45 would need to raise its quantity to a power of 45/44 which can be a lot if the constants are large. Scandium comes with aluminum, and al is 13th which is "two souls-towards the truth-" which there are 2 of a lot of things:  aluminum and scandium, mig-21 and mig-23, 10 and 21, red and ender, scandium-44 and scandium-45, Eli Ayase and Yoshino Nanjou, diatomic, love with you, and Jean. The ender dragon needs to hit the endermen in order for the endermen to feel element 22 because 22nd mv is "love with you". Scandium-aluminum alloy because the symbols concatenate to scal which is substring of scale as in dragon scale like ender dragon. It is called scandium-aluminum alloy in real life because despite aluminum content being so much more than scandium in the alloy, scandium is so rare that it is important. It is the same reason why hydrogen is called hydrogen despite making only 11 percent of the mass of water.
A reason why the enderdragon is made of scandium instead of aluminium-scandium alloy is that the endermen needs to feel the molar weight. If there is more scandium than aluminium, it gets called scandium-aluminium alloy which abbreviates to ScAl like dragon scales. Black bullet b-side "pico scope -SACLA-" because pico means eating disorder because there are no fruits on the main end island. Sacla because it is misspelled "ScAl".
Why was the ender dragon named "Ender dragon" instead of "The russian dragon", "Ruth the dragon named Jean", or "dragon With tears in force" (capitalization in reference to the chorus of the song "white forces"). It is because the ender dragon is made of scandium which is the 21st element, and the 21st mv in fripside infinite clip 2020 is "Edge of the Universe" which suggest that it is the end. The ender dragon update is the 10th minecraft beta update. 10th mv is black bullet which also describes the ender dragon. (already written in the same document a long time ago) 10 and 21 makes 10/21 which is Eli Ayase birthday.  If the dragon was named after that, it could be "EA dragon", "jEAn dragon" (the j and n stands for Yoshino Nanjou. EA stands for Eli Ayase, Electronic Arts, and Effective Altruism. On December 20 2024, vsauce released a #short video (with an youtube id of Pv9HuVH9BbY ) which he said that the j in Jesus came from a y in ancient languages. The reason why the dragon egg doesn't hatch is because "jEAn is an eggbeater" (A reference to the youtube video with id of Pv9HuVH9BbY ) Why is it "Eli Ayase and Yoshino Nanjou" instead of "Eli Ayase as Yoshino Nanjou"? because both Eli Ayase and Yoshino Nanjou is (signular tense) the ender dragon. Ea nasir has EA and n follows. E in cyrillic is ye which means that it is actually jean. He was selling copper which is the lesbian element. Although poverty and technology would limit him to just copper and bronze, he could have sold other thing which makes it a coincidence.), "xopowo dragon","xbow wow dragon", "quarter russian dragon", or "Я dragon". Actually the name of the dragon is "9HuVH9BbY". The 2 letters before the name was "Pv" which is abbreviation of "Player verses" in english. It even has "Bb" in its name which stands for "Black bullet" in english. "9Hu" and "VH9" are copalindrome because "u" and "V" look similar. It is 9 because black bullet is bigger than GUA-8. "Y" because made of yttrium since scandium is so rare and yttrium is the element that is the most like scandium because it is eke-scandium.
Another reason why it is red dragon and black dragon is that russia and china are allies. Dragons in fairy tales come in red, black, and green. Ender meaning ruthenium which means russia, and red dragon is chinese. Since they are enemies to the protagonist and each other, that means that minecraft is nato propoganda. Actually russia and china are enemies because china scary and bigger than europe. Chinese culture is incompatible with russian culture like censorship, death penalty, atheism, anti-communism, vpns, and other stuff. So, minecraft isn\`t nato propoganda, but it is the truth. Nato wants people to believe that russia scary because china is russia\`s friend.
The ender dragon also carries a end exit portal which it lays its eggs. The dragon eggs teleport to  extreme hill biome because that is "high stone". (hohenstein in english means high stone) The exit portal is also a high stone because when the end generates, the exit portal is placed above the highest block at 0,0. Even though the exit portal doesn't spawn like it later version, the dragon usually flies high which makes the exit portal to likely be high. The dragon eggs hatch into silverfish just like mig-21 is a smaller version of mig-23, and mig-21 is a fish.
The ender dragon named itself as Jean because it means the same thing as Lise.
The tears in force cannot speak to the endermen that their names are "tears in force", so the endermen called tears in force as end crystal.
Melon evolved from pumpkin. It beat predators by growing fast. To grow fast it stop growing face because that is expensive. It fills itself with water and then the water in the cells gets replaced with air.
The endermen are experimenting with endermen spawner. The endermen was more intelligent than all the other mobs that went into spawners. The endermen knows that their biggest enemy was another endermen. That is because of politics. The endermen formed cults. Their cults believed that the leader endermen is the best endermen and a way to eugenics them was to use a spawner. They built strongholds. The confusing structures because they know the map but any attacking endermen does not. To prevent the attacker from ambushing by going through the wall, the endermen harvest silverfish from places to build them into the stronghold. Endermen need research so they have libraries. Other users would theorize is that ender dragon is dirty with parasites. The endermen create the ender dragon and then shove it through the hole.
The end's constant teleportation sometimes make small mistake. However, it is sometimes enough to teleport a intact nether wart out of the bedrock. The nether wart was not able to grow in the end because the nether wart evolved to use energy from neutronium which the only source would be bedrock and the end had very little of bedrock. The nether wart was able to escape the end because the end portal frame sometimes regenerated the end stone from existing end stone in the end. The nether wart likes the nether because it has the most bedrock. Soul sand is thick and only allows things to grow on the surface like how the neutron star crust is impenetrable. The nether wart only wanted to grow on that.
## 1.9
Mushroom islands pop up. Some endermen want to live there but they can't. So the endermen turned into villagers in order to live there.
The nether coordinates corresponding to Rainforest, Seasonal forest, Ice desert, and Shrubland reappear. 
(copied from 2023 version) The wither has 2 modes. When it is over half health, it is using mending enchantment. When it is below half health, it is using infinity enchantment. Infinity and mending cannot be used at the same time. The mending enchantment converts imaginary kinetic energy to real kinetic energy. On items, real kinetic energy repairs the item. On the wither, it propels the wither up. When the wither is below half health, the wither uses infinity enchantment as an active protection system. When the wither detects an arrow, the wither uses infinity to produce another arrow that counters the arrow. The infinity arrow despawns after an elastic collision. Infinity uses kinetic energy to produce infinity arrows. The infinity bow works by using kinetic energy from pulling the bow to make an infinity arrow. Infinity does not work on potion arrows or specter arrows because it only detects kinetic energy. Mending cannot be used with infinity because infinity would consume the kinetic energy and break the bow by producing a bunch of infinity arrows inside the bow.
(copied from 2023 version) Sharpness and Bane of arthropods are not actually enchantments. However they still use enchanting to get because without gears, there are no microtechnologies that can change the mechanical properties to make sharpness or bane of arthropods. Sharpness makes items sharp by changing the microstructure of the item and sharpening edges. Bane of arthropods creates microscopic holes in the item. When an arthropod gets hit, their instinct causes their bodies to try to infest the item which causes part of the arthropod to stick on the item as if it was barbed. The arthropod is slowed down because the arthropod is being pulled by the seemingly barbed item. The microscopic holes activate the arthropodいs instinct because holes means that the item can be infested. Sharpness cannot be applied to bane of arthropods because the enchantment would mistake the holes as edges and bevel the item into oblivion. Bane of arthropods cannot be applied to sharpness because the enchantment cannot detect sharp edges and blunt the item and ruin microstructure because creating the holes cause the lattices to misalign. The result is an item that would be too brittle to use.
(copied from 2023 version) Smite is sharpness with dullness enchantment. It does sharpness damage to undead and the dullness gets negated to do extra damage. To other mobs, the dullness negates sharpness and does damage as if it was not enchanted.
(copied from 2023 version) Unbreaking uses quantum mechanics to increase durability of the things it enchants. The whole item acts like a few big particles. When the item is under the unbreaking enchantment, microscopic cracks are harder to form because groups of particles act like one big particle.
The endermen successfully made the endermen spawner. But, the spawner was also intelligent. It is like AI in real life but actually dangerous. The spawner steals the lab rat endermenいs abilities and teleported endstone around it to protect itself. The enderstone is infinitely regenerating making it indestructible. The endermen put a blaze powder and enderpearl on it and it got stuck forever. The end portal frame is trying to make a permanently open portal to the end in order to get revenge aginst the endermen. The endermen think it was malicious, so they abandon it. The spawners formed in 13 and invaded other stronghold by using the endermen\`s ability to teleport. The spawners made the end portal room using 13 lava blocks and 13 spawners. The spawners were high up because they are named "Hohenstien". At least one end portal was opened, so it made a sound that can be heard anywhere. All the blazes and spawners listened and knew to use blaze powder that can combine to make eye of ender.
The melon evolved to be more and more air. The air pockets on the melon has so much surface tension that it can pull gold into thin wires like gold open cell foam. Player cannot separate the gold because it is too fragile. Gold couldn't be used as a powder because particle coating cause coagulation cause the particle size to rise. When the glistering melon go into the potion, the melon part dissolve without having any effect, but the gold foam can easily react with the potion because of large surface area, and give the potion healing effect. Gold without enough surface area would not react with the potion. So, the glistening melon potion is actually the gold potion. Gold things like golden apples are know for giving absorption effect. Instant health is the most like absorption because it gives health for one time.
The ghast tear creates regeneration potion because regeneration is how ghast\`s internals survive some damage caused by red matter. And tears in force is also regeneration.
Redstone dust increase duration because it likes to stay inside people. It is an joke that I made when writing my last minecraft theory because I named the thing making up redstone dust to be nanjolno.
Glowstone dust increase intensity because it is the only dust that only takes 4 to make a block. So that means the dust is strong, or because of strontium.
Magma cream is fire resistant just like how magma cubes are made.
## 1.10
Player can get new enchantments. Creepers worship cats. One time creeper went to the nether. It was using the ice melting glitch to not get too hot while in the nether. The creeper hear cat noises from the ghast. So, the creeper team up with the ghast. They talk and conclude "the first item that the player would get is a the item dropped when creeper is killed by skeleton. This is because the player would be dumb and not know how to do stuff. Once night comes, the players gets hurt which cuase them to run away. The creepers and skeletons would chase the player. The arrows hurt really badly, so the player knows how to dodge them. However, creepers are not that smart, so the creepers would die and drop an item. The player would pick it up because of curiosity which the player never had picked up any other item because the player still doesn't know how to mine. The item should be something that tells player than the ghast is friendly. So, the ghast gave music disk to creeper. Creeper promise to only drop it when killed by skeleton. There was also suppose to be a achievement named "opening song", but since the ghast messed up all the white forces songs, the achievement didn't exist.
## 1.11
The creeper got the ghast out of the nether. The ghast created jungle biome which raised the height limit, so that cats can live there.
Bottles of enchanting are non-renewable because the technology to create vials is lost from red matter.
## 1.12
Emerald generates naturally because it went undisturbed from endermen because silverfish blocks protect the extreme hills.
End portal frames want to help player more, so they buff the eye of ender to be able to make ender chest.
Cocoa pod is just petroleum growing on tree.
More structures built to help creeper.
Ghast make drawings of wither on sandstone so that someone would summon it to kill the endermen.
Creeper can no longer go to nether because it got so hot that the ice evaporates.
Golem added to minecraft. Like ghast, big white mobs come from anime. Golem is its own domain of life.
## 1.13
Old starlight ran out, new starlight used which is different. Old starlight is significantly different from new starlight because old starlight reacted with interplanetary dust from the neutron star's own solar system. Interplanetary dust bounces light which makes kissing stars. New starlight is not like that. The nether wart detected that the starlight showed that there are no interplanetary dust to interfere with lithography. The nether wart migrated to the overworld which it infected animals. The nether wart allowed itself to grow outside of the nether because of the hope of doing lithography. Witch separate themselves from villagers because nether wart is mind control fungus. The nether wart end up killing all the other animals because the other animals were not intelligent enough to resist the mind control effects that directly threatens survival. The nether wart always did the same things because it is resistant to reprogramming which was a beneficial trait when it was living on the surface of the neutron star.
Many villagers from different villages turned into witches, and they acted all the same. The witch did some stuff to get potion ingredients from the nether. Soul sand detect someone is stealing it and its nether wart, so it made the wither skeleton. It and its sword was made of lithium alloy, When the lithium sword hits, it creates lithium ions which numbs the pain preventing the victim to see how hurt they are. When there are lots of wither skeletons dying, that means that there needs to be a stronger thing to protect the soul sand. The way to detect is to detect if there are 3 wither skulls close together. When detected, the wither spawns. Bats are made for reconnaissance. It spies on superflat worlds by flying under the bedrock. It is named after the mig-25 for being fast.
Experience is imaginary energy. The player measures the imaginary speed. Imaginary speed is proportional to the square root imaginary energy. When the player needs to anvil, the player needs to accelerate the thing to the same imaginary speed as the other thing. Because that is the same as a rocket, the rocket equation applies. Because the anvil is wasteful, the specific impulse is divided by the natural log of 4 which makes it look like the cost is a power of 2.
Creeper evolve to explode better. The 2 explosive sacs are also arranged like a gun-type nuke which is gravity powered. The gun-type fuse when powered by gravity is instant. The technological progress is the reverse of nukes.
## 1.14
Player gets good at redstone. The wither accidentally recycles netherrack by destroying ore and over again. The new netherrack can be baked into bricks. Quartz formed from new nether rack. They have 1983-schwarzesmarken- stuck in their heads on repeat.
## 1.15
Nothing related to minecraft theory.
## 1.16
Player coincidentally derives the names "Beginning?" and "Beginning." from the fact that ender dragon has the word "end" in it.
## 1.17
As tauons getting more and more common in the end dimension. Tauons protect against red matter which means more antimatter annihilation. The radiation is sensed by the enderdragon. The enderdragon cannot see the color red. Dragons are lizards so enderdragon has heat sensors. The sensors activate from the penetrating radiation. Because red is close to infrared, the enderdragon sense them as red.  The enderdragon saw the void redden. The enderdragon concludes that it is not the sky dimension at all because the sky is blue thought the dragon.  
The reason why guardians have orange hair is because they see themselves as the protagonists like honoka (copper colored because it is written on page 29) in M\`s.
Endermites start eating up the endstone that endermen would have gotten from teleporting. Endermen gets made and fights endermite.
Tauons do nuclear reactions preventing strange quarks from touching antimatter. This allows antimatter to accumulate. The antimatter allows intelligent life with advanced weapons to spawn which is the guardian. The guardian build monument with 23 legs because the guardian thought that stability of structure was connected to class numbers of cyclotomic fields because they thought flat with points is like that. The guardians get the properties and ideologies of tauism form tauons. They are very racist so they will attack player. They also live in the sea because tauonium symbol is the trident. The tauon are very dense which make them like neutronium. Prismarine is made of matter with lots of tauons so it shines like the surface of a neutron star. It is light blue and fluctuates in brightness. The attobots, that tauons create, go around and make quartz to help them with computing. Stone with lots of quartz turn into diorite, andesite, or granite. Attobots because their size are attometer and atto sounds like auto as in electronics and stuff which is quartz.
Muons are more abundant than tauons because of less rest mass. But, tauons could create intelligent life in because subatomic reactions from tauons interacting with protons can create lots of different things. Intelligent life reproduce which means that the tauons caused an update sooner. Muons could are too light to go near the nucleus, so all they could do was to lower the electron shell radius.
## 1.18
The enderdragon saw that the red light keeps getting redder until it is like night. Anticipating something bad to happen the enderdragon decided to place its exit portal at 0,0. And, moved all the pillars in a circle. The placement is special since it lights a portal in such a way that it creates invisible portal that connects the main end island to the rest of the end islands. However there is are radial gaps thousands of blocks wide because the portal disrupts other portals that once connects all the outer islands together. Night also means moon, so the enderdragon gets more attacks and invulerabilities.
The news of the massive wither attack got to the outer end islands. The endermen decided to team up and build things to fight
Beetroot is a plant that the endermen created In fact, the only foodstuff that can be found in end city chests are beetroot. Beetroot was created to teach the later generations about what nether wart looks like. End city ships have a brewing stand without any potion ingredients. It means that the residence, long ago, use to have potion materials, but potion ingredients cannot grow in the end that time.
The end ship have never flew. When the endermen tried to build a flying thing, they found that obsidian did not fall because of itいs immovability ability. "Since it didn't fall, then it is closer to flying" they thought. However, the obsidian prevented the ship from flying because of the same property. They put a dragon head (which didn't ever come from a dragon) on it to try to make it fly. 
Endermen heard news about a new heaven between the nether and the overworld after the withers ascend through the top of the nether roof. They heard that the new heaven dropped nether stars which could be made into beacons. The endermen think that beacons may be the way to make the flying machine. The endermen built a place for the beacon on the ship but never finished it because the nether stars never dropped.
Endermen say that the eon of nether star rain was not happening. So the endermen tried to do it artificially.  The endermen created the shulker. It had levitation so that the endermen hoped that they can send troops and fight off floating withers which are believed to float up and cause destruction. The levitation technology only got as good as shulker. Another thing that the endermen believed is that if they levitate a ender pearl enough, they can make the soul in the pearl go to heaven. Believing that the problem was in the sky, the endermen invented the starfighter. It was suppose to roam up in the sky and fight the fictional withers which prevent the nether stars from raining. Its name came from its purpose of fighting for the nether stars. However, according to the vietnam war, the starfighter evolved to be the phantom. But the outer end islands were still uncontacted from the rest of the minecraft world which prevents the phantom from attacking steve. The dead starfighters were used to make elytras. Elytras were put in end ships in order to get it flying, but it still didn't work.
The end crystals made chorus fruit to sing the chorus of white forces in order to inform the endermen of what its real name is.
## 1.19
Zombies and skeletons evolved.
## 1.20
Evokers came to minecraft to give players totem of undying. Evoker comes from clockwork planet where there are lots of gray gears. The totem is use to gather data from the players. It uses imaginary energy just like in the anime. The reason why totem effects look like experience is because experiance is imaginary energy in minecraft. imaginary energy is magic which means that it is not quantum which menas that it gives off uv catastrophe which means that it looks blue. The evoker created pillagers which have blue eyes because of uv catastrophe. Because clockwork planet is not electric then that means that it is not nand based life, therefore evoker and pillagers are their own domain.
## 1.21
Bed changed for looking too communist. The white bed is default, but it coincidentally matches the color of mig-21 in schwarzesmarken. It is a coincidence because beds are used to defeat the enderdragon like how mig-21 and mig-23 fought against each other in schwarzesmarken.
## 1.22
Phantoms finally made it to the overworld. The cat brings phantom membrane because phantoms know that the next thing they would become is the cat because f-14 tomcat replaced f-4 phantom in real life. The player has to be in the bed because in order to splash the f-4 phantom, you need to be on the enemyいs side which has the fish bed. Cats also bring fish while the player sleeps because mig-21 fishbed fights against the f-14 tomcat.
## 1.23
Raids are invented to give totem of undying to more players.
## 1.24
Nothing related to minecraft theory.
## 1.25
Muons gather in large enough quantities in ancient debris. When gold is added, the muons get absorbed into the larger atom. The muon changes the electron clouds because its weight makes it sink in. Gold has lots of relativistic properties which muons would amplify them. The gold with muons gets more relativistic properties which makes it able to catalyze diamonds into lonsdaleite. Netherite items main ingredient is lonsdaleite which is why netherite required diamond items but all items each only require 1 netherite ingot. The piglins are there to gather as much muons as they can. They think getting enough muons would summon μ\`s. They even made a song named pigstep for them. Muons are attracted to heavy nuclei. However, there are nuclei heavy enough to trap muons which would prevent the muons from being able to go to a heavier nuclei because of an energy barrier to move the muon back up to go to the other nuclei. A nuclei is iron which iron has very little relativistic properties which would make it as good of a lonsdaleite catalyst as any other material even if iron gets muons. Iron is also a big nuclei which would easily collect muons. A netherite ingot made with iron instead of gold would be completely useless. Piglins would remove as much iron as they can which is why there is so much gold but so little iron in the nether. Pigs are food which is why enriched foods have iron content reduced. (Reduce is a misnomer because it means that the iron oxidation state is reduced and not the amount of iron is reduced) Metallic iron is usually the type of iron in enriched foods which has low bioavalibility, and foods that get enriched have high phytate content which lowers bioavalibility of iron and other heavy nuclei, so it is really reduced iron.
Piglins moved blaze spawners which then became magma cube spawner.
## 1.26
The endermen finally agree which copper isotope is the real copper. Beside brown copper, there is only green copper. Green copper bromide is cupric which is 2 coppers. 2 is big, so it is the heavier copper isotope.
## 1.27
Nothing related to minecraft theory.
## 1.28
Warden specialize in killing wither because the ancient city is in the void where the most withers died  in classic 0.24 .
Allay thinks that a mob is intelligent when it is given a an item containing iron, silicon, and oxygen because those are the 3 innermost layers of a star that is about to go supernova. When it thinks that the mobs is intelligent, the allay duplicates because it is a mob worth living for. The only item with iron, silicon, and oxygen in equal enough proportion to make the allay think it was deliberate is amethyst. Amethyst is glass like, and the allay and amythest are light blue and purple because garden of glass is light blue and purple. (硝子の花園 is garden of glass. Glass referencing to amythest. Garden referencing to RADIOアニメロミックス ラブライブ！~のぞえりRadio Garden~, but that one isn't a coincidence. Garden also referencing gaiden in japanese.) Neither light blue or purple sing  これからのSomeday because the someday reference to 矢澤にこ causing the allay to be stuck in the void after July 22 of the 15th year of the millennium. The allay knows about astronomy because it was taught by the beacon lights that the endermen released from the nether. The beacon lights came from iron, silicon, and oxygen. Allay has high regeneration because it is on the wardenいs team and doesn't want to be accidentally killed and to be able to live in the void. Before feburary 11, 2024, I thought that it is such a disappointment that eliumi cannot exist in real life even though storm in lover is a better song than  硝子の花園. However, if  硝子の花園 was eliumi, then it would be even more disappointing that the allay and amethyst were gay baiting. Storm in lover is much less of Nozomi Tojo style than 硝子の花園. The copper golem was a close choice to the allay. It is a coincidence because allay is a reference to lesbians, and copper is the lesbian element. The only mobs that can survive void without end dimension is enderdragon and allay.
Amethysts are proposed to be added to end. The end is the anti-wither place because the void damage only does it against the wither. Therefore, it is a coincidence.  Amethysts were coincidentally chosen to add to the game. Alternatives could have been opal which is rainbowy white. There could have been added a cool allay animation where the rainbow turn into light blue like scifi magic if opals were chosen. Light blue symbol is Я which means capital i and then insert philosophical rant about allay and self.
## 1.29
To commemorate how much japanese influence went into minecraft, the trees themselves added a new biome and new type of tree.
## 1.30
Nothing related to minecraft theory.
## 1.31
Nothing related to minecraft theory.
# numerology
Although, some have very weak coincidences with their corresponding number, I need to put it out there in case other people put out their theories. To test how strong the coincidences, see if there are other coincidences with other discographies or in a different ordering.  So I decided to connect each minecraft version to its corresponding fripside album or mv. The ordering is based on the numbering in 2020.04.01 - fripSide infinite video clips 2009-2020 and the new albums get number one by one
0
sky

1
only my railgun
late in autumn
2
LEVEL5 -judgelight-
memory of snow
3
future gazer
fortissimo-the ultimate crisis-
4
everlasting

5
Heaven is a Place on Earth
The end of summer
6
way to answer
last fortune
7
Decade

8
sister's noise
I'm believing in you
9
eternal reality
scorching heart
10
black bullet
pico scale -SCALA-
11
infinite synthesis

12
Luminize
unlimited density
13
Two souls -toward the truth-
冬のかけら
14
white forces
1983-schwarzesmarken-(IS3 version)
15
1983-schwarzesmarken-(IS3 version)

16
The end of escape (fripSide×angela)

17
clockwork planet
Break Our Limit
18
Red “reduction division” -crossroads version-

19
killing bites
three count
20
divine criminal
I believe in my heart


brave new world -crossroads version- (fripSide Only)
21
Edge of the Universe

22
Love with You
Blue Moon
23
when chance strikes

24
final phase
promenade
25
only my railgun -version2020-

26
dual existance
Reasons to be here
27
legendary future
a new day will come
28
leap of faith
passage
29
dawn of infinity
Regeneration
30
Red Liberation
more than you know
31
Secret operation
Secret Operation -fripSide Edition-


Secret Operation -Yoshino Nanjo Edition-
32
only my railgun -version2024-

0.0.1.2
2nd music video is level5 judgelight. In a different text file, I have wrote about that 2 connects to level5 because 2-ary logic can do anything that 5-ary logic can. However 5-ary logic is confusing because there are lots of different gates that takes 2 input and return one output and is not easily converted back into 2-ary logic since 5 is coprime to 2. The version is the 1st version to have code obfuscation which is like programming in 5-ary logic. The b-side is memory of snow. If it is obfuscated, the memory should be like snow. It looks uniform from afar because of encryption. It actually contains lots of information like complex snowflakes.
0.0.1.3
In the 3rd music video, nanjolno was in a cave. This version of minecraft adds cave generation. also the title of the music video is future gazer which  means to gaze into the future. So this version gazes into the future and skip a couple of numbers
0.0.1.9
9th music video is eternal reality. The title has reality which means that you can't really gaze over it because you wouldn't be able to survive. It is eternal which means long time that contains the future. It is more realistic because added build mode.
0.0.1.10
10th music video is black bullet. The minecraft version is unplayable which is like getting hit by a black bullet. There is also a time in music video where the time pauses like how this version added game pause. Clockwork planet mv doesn't count as a pause because it is actually time reverse. People might think that is no big difference between no time and negative time because negative time added to positive time gets no time. However, theoretical physics treat them very differently because of tachyons. Theoretical physics is relevent because the b-side is pico -SACLA- which is about physics.
0.0.1.11
11th music video is infinite synthesis. The music is named the same as the albums of phase 2. It is analogous to naming a minecraft version as minecraft. 0.0.1.11 is named as minecraft because the version is used to mark anniversaries and is the first public version. Even more coincidence is that in the mv, there were a wall of cube blocks, and the main character jumps through them like a minecraft animation. Another coincidence that shows that it counts as the first minecraft version is that 0.0.1.11 is the first version number with only ones and zeros. The first version of something is usually named with only 1s and 0s.
0.0.1.12
12th music video is Luminize. Luminize like how lava was added to the version. In the single, there is also unlimited density which is bedrock. Although many people think that it should be 0.0.1.13 that adds bedrock like how the wither was added as chiseled sandstone in 1.12 with the wither added in 1.13, and bedrock being the chiseled block (also that it is chiseled with wither skull) which foreshadows the addition of sand and gravel (to be compatible with minecraft theory which bedrock was the first block), 12 is also similar to 14 because 12^2 is 144. Bedrock and lava are added together because both have been used to fill the bottom of the overworld.
0.0.1.13
13th music video is Two souls -towards the truth- which was produced in Netherlands. Netherlands is known for have land about the same level as water and smooth terrain generation. Netherland flag is blue white and red like lava, water, and steam particles for lava and water or rain interaction. In the minecraft version, terrain generation is fixed to have land not always generate above water and that the terrain is smoother. Minecraft version also fix lava mechanics and lava, and netherlands have similar etymology. It is also the world size test which means land. 113 is named after a piece of land. And it is also japan which the music is in. Truth is data. and the minecraft version has level save which means that you can go towards the truth. Since there is no multiplayer, two souls means that the single player comes in 2 which is only possible by log out and log in.
0.0.1.14
14th music video is white forces. In minecraft version, water flows faster. Fast water is white, so it is white forces. The version adds gravel, sand, ore, log, and leaves. It is the first version that is compatible with my minecraft theory because bedrock→stone→gravel→sand→dirt and ores exist and log→planks. White forces is in the same album as 15th music video so they share those similarities. The importance of why it is important to be compatible to my minecraft theory is that white forces is in anime which I use to help with my minecraft theory even in 2023 version.
0.0.1.15
15th music video is 1983 schwarzesmarken. It is a music in the anime that I use to theorize minecraft. This version is the 1st version that is in my minecraft theory since my minecraft theory is only about multiplayer version of minecraft. 0.0.1.15 is start of multiplayer test. 115 is element Mc, and early classic minecraft version names start with "mc_" which is abbreviation for minecraft so that is another reason to start on it. 109 is element Mt which is abbreviation for multiplayer test. multiplayer test code is in 1.12 which corresponds to 112 which is the arithmetic mean of 109 and 115. 112 also adds bedrock which is a huge step closer to being compatible to my minecraft theory. 109 adds building which is like multiplayer because destroy mode and build mode. 0.0.1.9 is also the first version of minecraft that is named in numerical order.
0.0.1.16
16th music video is end of escape because in multiplayer, admin can do /ban, /banip and /kick
0.0.1.17
17th music video is clockwork planet. In my minecraft theory clockwork planet controls spawn and is able to track players which is like tab and /setspawn . It is about spawn just like how CP is about people that recently spawned.
0.0.1.18
18th music video is red reduction. The minecraft version adds skins. In red reduction, blue turn into red. Steve can turn his blue shirt red. 
0.0.1.19
19th music video is killing bites. The single has three count which references hotbar that was added.
0.0.1.20
20th music video is divine criminal. The single has brave new world. new world because lots of blocks and brave because rainbow color set of blocks. steve skin also turns darker which means that he is a divine criminal. Inventory exist because believe in heart. heart as in inside so should inventory be inside.
0.0.1.21
21st music video is edge of the universe. The minecraft version carves section of the world. carving makes edges.
0.0.1.22
22nd music video is love with you. sounding is love. so sounds are added in this minecraft version.
0.0.1.23
23rd music video is when chance strikes. It suggests that the observer has options or else it would be past tense. options is added in this version
0.0.24
24th music video is final phase. final phase is survival because theory of player is based on it. and final phase of humanoids are mobs. armor adds no protection, it just visual like what promenade is compared to walking.
0.0.25
25th music video is only my railgun. railgun main character has ammo. player spawns with ammo too.
0.0.26
26th music video is dual existance. its single is reason to be here. dual existance because rain. and reason to be here is gold blocks.
0.0.27
27th music video is legendary future. its single is a new day will come. legendary future because hard limit foreshadows 1.9 combat update. a new day will come because you killed a spider in rain.
0.0.28
28th music video is leap of faith. its single has passage. passage which is acts like armor unlike promenade because creative is re-added. and leap of faith because obsidian is hard to mine.
0.0.29
29th music video is dawn of infinity. no arrows in creative means that bow can shoot infinite times.
0.0.30
30th music video is red liberation. tnt is red and it is liberated when hit.
0.0.31
secret operation
0.1.0
only my railgun because redstone is added.
0.1.1
compass points to spawn because it has memory of snow.
0.1.2
single player nether gazes into the future because it wouldn't be until many updates later for multiplayer
1.0
only my railgun beccause egg. and inside egg is orange like fripside logo and railgun anime logo. late in autumn because added leaf decay.
1.1
judgelight because players get capes based on how old their account so judging. and memory of snow because both cape drops are in winter.
1.2
future gazer because dye and wool and lapis which is bright colored shards becoming words. fortissimo the ultimate crisis because both album covers which is just one and future gazer mv need sandstone to exist.
1.3
redstone is functionally complete but not turing complete. but repeater makes it turing complete. Although it is not backwards compatible, the mathematical relationship is everlasting like how quatarnary logic compares to binary. also note that 4th music video is everlasting that that is why quatarnary logic is chosen.
1.4
Heaven is a Place on Earth
Locked chest makes heaven a place on earth (also a joke).
The end of summer 
_( also can be a april fools joke) also end as in end of march 
1.5
way to answer 
_getting charged from a lightning strike is the way to answer a lightning strike
last fortune
_(mob heads wouldn't work because it is not added) the lyrics discribes pigs wanting to turn into zombie pigmen like the lyrics is about turning into girls. or want to create nether portal. also i consider digging through the lyrics the least coincidental because so much text.
1.6
Decade 
_nether portal and nether reactor core are like hack assembly and hack macroassebly. According to my minecraft theory, only multiplayer is considered and before the nether portal was the nether reactor core.
1.7
sister's noise
_pistons make noise
I'm believing you
_there is no redstone cybersecurity in the game
1.8
eternal reality
_world generation, hunger, and endermen and player now play on the same world. before this, endermen were playing the 4 non-natural biomes. The 4 non-natural biomes have always existed because when the biomes were 1st named in a minecraft version, the 4 non-natural biomes were included.
scorching heart
_spawner is a scorching heart. endermen were still experimenting with it in the strongholds to make the endermen spawner
1.9
black bullet
_black bullet is enderdragon because ender dragon charges at player. In the game, there is like a pause effect when going out of the end just like in the black bullet mv when the bullet passes by nanjolno. Minecraft classical version corresponding to infinite synthesis marks the minecraft anniversary officially, but on the same day, classical version corresponding to black bullet was also made which coincides because minecraft beta version corresponding to black bullet marks the full release of minecraft.
pico scope -SACLA-
_end dimension is what pico scope is about. It is named sky dimension just like in the music video because the characters reach into the sky.
1.10
infinite synthesis
_creeper produce music when killed by skeleton. infinite synthesis is also name of the albums that are released. (spawn eggs: all spawn eggs are creative spawn eggs since they can only be gotten in creative. Creative spawn eggs are infinite synthesis of mobs since they donnot decrease in number.)

1.11
Luminize
_redstone lamp. can't luminize if always on
unlimited density
_song lyrics mentions endless sky and trembling fists. which is  world height change and iron golem.
1.12
Two souls -toward the truth-
_desert pyrimids bring 2 souls toward the truth by making the player make the wither. However it is only towards the truth since wither doesn't exist yet. Also emeralds and ender chest were created because eye of ender believes that humanity is the truth.
冬のかけら
_ice are pieces of winter and dissapear in nether. and pieces of winter get push back out of the portal and spawn zombie pigmen around the portal. Since 13th mv is related to nether portal, there is an analogous with end portal which is that there are 13 spawners (12 end portal frames and 1 silverfish spawner) and 13 lava blocks in the end room. The update is about foreshadowing the wither (beginning), 13 also foreshadows the end because 13 in the end portal rooms.
1.13
white forces
_In the white forces mv, there is 3 headed cloud monster which is analogous to the wither in minecraft. Both the wither and 3 headed cloud monster are created the same way. Wither is from the information on chiseled sandstone. And the 3 headed cloud monster is from killing the 1 headed cloud monster (analogous to wither skeleton) with a 3 headed cannon spawned from chiseled granite. Both informations were used by humans. Both 3 headed things came from blueprints like triple barrel and bloonchipper (autocorrects to chancellorship) blueprints.
1.14
15th music video is 1983 schwarzesmarken. In it, is lyrics. I found that the lyrics best describes quartz which is added in 1.15 . I put notes into translated lyrics. Both 1.15 and 1.14 update are alike as in that they both focus on the nether. It is like that both 15th and 14th music video are in the same album.
Even in this world on the verge of collapse{all quartz are in ore}, I still dream of tomorrow
Keeping a believing heart within my chest, once again today, I bet on everything and fight
The faint glimmer that I have always dreamt of{quartz vein is is shiny}
Is the only connection{to other quartz ore veins} with the other side of the wall{wall as in the big pillars of netherrack}, across this grey sky{grey sky is nether roof}
All the grief and pain, are the proof of us being alive{wither spawning is the reason why the quartz in the netherrack decide to come together and form ore}
And those who think this way, are also protecting something right now{some are not believing because not all things in quartz ore are quartz}
In this age bound by unreasonable rules{unreasonable because it caused the quartz to be ordered randomly}
We will only cut across the darkness
Even in this world on the verge of collapse, I still dream of a tomorrow
Keeping a believing heart within my chest, I search for light
It’s just the truth in my heart, an indelible scar{scar referring to truth which means that heart pursues truth which means that quartz is intelligent}
Turning even that pain into hope{pain as in random electrical signals. turning something random to hope is intelligence}
The tale of the ongoing conflict will soon open up our destiny…!{soon as in 1.14 update}
Looking up into the hazy sky, thinking of the bygone days{some data is still preserved}
In this inescapable reality{it is a hardware problem}, an invisible wall blocks our freedom{invisible wall of red matter than prevents formation of more quartz}
Standing still in the maze of the etched memories{maze as in that structure of quartz ore is a maze}
Even so, I take a step forward, because I still have that day when I vowed
There’s no meaning to defining the righteousness
I just want to protect the bonds right before me{quartz is programmable}
Even in this crumbling city, I still want to connect to tomorrow
Filling my hands full with an unbendable spirit, I will protect you{quartz is programmable}
But just the truth in my heart, a yet to be seen dream
If only I can discover it
I will surely be able to overcome whatever despair that lies ahead of my path…{quartz believes that it is able to prove if something is true}
My promise with you strongly tightens our bonds{quartz is programmable}
The conclusion that resonates with the countless futures{quartz is programmable}
Even in this world on the verge of collapse, I still dream of a tomorrow
Keeping a believing heart within my chest, I search for light
This heart of mine on the brink of breakdown continues to long for you even now
I can never forget, the moment that I first met you{quartz was once written}
It’s just the truth in my heart, an indelible scar
Turning even that pain into hope
The tale of the ongoing conflict will carve in time{quartz is affected by current things}
Even in this crumbling world, I am still searching for light
Filling my hands full with an unbendable spirit, I will protect everything
But just the truth in my heart, a yet to be seen dream
If only I can discover it
I will surely be able to overcome whatever despair that lies ahead of my path…
I have notes of lyrics but I forgot where they belong:
_壊れかけたこの世界でまだ明日を夢見るから shows that the world hasn't broken down. which means that quartz still exists
_ずっと夢を見てた　僅かな煌きは describes quartz
_霞む空を見上げ　過ぎた日々を想う describes that it is in the nether
_刻んでる記憶の迷路に立ち尽くす describes nether quartz ore
_正しさの定義なんて意味はないけど is the reason why quartz can be used by anyone
_信じる心だけ今は胸に秘めて　光捜す quartz can be made into daylight sensor
1.15
The end of escape
_escaping is done on horseback
1.16
clockwork planet
_clockwork planet tracks steves statistics. The statistics change so it is about clockwork planet
Break Our Limit
_it breaks our limit because it is the update that changed the world
1.17
Red "reduction division"-crossroads version-
_like in the lyrics, the world turns red which shows that it isn't a sky because sky is blue. just like how the sky dimension was renamed to end dimension. Sky biome was renamed just like lost heaven is a song in schwarzesmarken. The name means that end biome is no longer heaven therefore the end cannot be in the sky. White relation because the biome name depended on its relation to the color white.
1.18
killing bites
_cooldown exists killing bites because biting things can't be done fast
three count
_lyrics about not being alone like the ender dragon and its many dragon heads.
1.19
divine criminal
_new hostile mobs which are like divine because elemental.
I believe in my heart
_wolves no longer despawn. and the zombie villagers in the zombie village don't despawn.
brave new world -crossroads version- (fripSide Only)
_world generation changes. also brave because they put a mineshaft in the mesa
1.20
Edge of the Universe
_clockwork planet on the edge of universe and may no longer be able to track steve if steve doesn't have the totem of undying. So illagers were created to give steve the totem of undying
1.21
Love with You
_color update matches theme with love with you because color is like love.
Blue Moon
_after this update no more customized world so it was a blue moon. in the lyrics, the present was during the blue moon.
1.22
when chance strikes
_update aquatic is both unexplainable and very large so it is like when chance strikes. actually because blue moon went away
1.23
final phase
_wither makes wither rose because that is final phase of life.
promenade
_village and pillage update includes traveling mobs like pillagers so therefore promenade
1.24
only my railgun -version2020-
_honey is orange.
1.25
dual existence
_dual existence lyrics is about meeting someone that seemed to be suppose to be with you, so dual existence as in belief that you are destined to be with someone. piglins believe that collecting enough netherite would summon that person.
Reason to be here
_reason to be here is to get muons
1.26
legendary future
_glow squid is legendary future because voting. 
a new day will come
_caves update of caves and clifs which is a new day will come for cliffs. 
1.27
Leap of faith
_fripside leap of faith mv visually similar to white forces mv. leap of faith also as in world height change. wither is still relevent because reskin of wither. It is the 1st time ever since initial release.
passage
_"otherside" music disk is not from creeper with name relating to passage. 
1.28
dawn of infinity
_allay is a helper just like how phase 3 has 2 singers instead of one. dawn of infinity as in the ancient city portal is dawn of infinity. because infinity is wide like the portal. dawn as in it does nothing now.
Regeneration
_regeneration like skulk spread.
1.29
Red Liberation
_red liberation makes pink like cherries.
more than you know
_sniffer can dig up seeds but not you because more than you know. also sniffer wins because more than you know
1.30
Secret operation is like doing a tricky trial. It has multiple parts like Bundles of Bravery and The Gardens Awaken just like -fripSide Edition- and -Yoshino Nanjo Edition-
1.31
only my railgun-version 2024-
only my railgun i connected to orange because toaru, so the next update is a autumn update. And also late in autumn is the song in the album, so it is definitely autumn.

too long to list people in table

# unrelated 

## OMG as in ONeMg, OMg, ZOMG, TOTMG

It is almost gareenteed that if a star produces neon then it will supernova. It is fitting for such an element because Neon and Wither minecraft achievement have the same etymology. And wither is undead like a supernova. However that is the exception are OMg and ONeMg stars, which are white dwarfs made of mainly Oxygen and Magnesium. and explaination for this is that both contain OMG which etymology is God. and God is the only thing strong enough to beat the devil which has same etymology as wither. Likewise, TOTMG beats ZOMG because OMG. and it is called ZOMG because it is like in pvz and ww3, the enemies have Z.

## Sense of distance and tech terror
Sense of distance yt id startswith tt (tt68JMRR9u8) which means tech terror. It is a coincidence. Sense of distance as in the ability has less range than the tower. which ability is unlike any other towers. All other towers have ability that is range same or larger which is the same as temple because temple sac the towers before getting more range. The closest exception is boomer in btd5 which cannot hit bloons in its range when buffed by a village. A less close exception is all tack shooters except ring of fire. But, the attack weakens when range increase, but it does not have a limited range. Boomer also coincide as in bionic boomer have same specialty building as robomonkey. Robomonkey as in that tech terror is upgraded from it. 

## shirabe tsukuyomi and tech terror

Shirabe color is magenta and tech terror specialty building is also magenta. the reason ninja kiwi did it might have been that magenta is the opposite of the green color. and shirabe initials are st which is 1 off from tt in base64. Shirabe transformation song is Mijuku Shōjo Buttagiri! which is techno and no other symphogear transformation songs are techno. Techno as in tech terror. Shirabe is tech terror. Kirika is cabbage upgrade on the banana farm. No other symphogear characters exist in bloonsverse.

## tech terror and TOTMG

totmg minus omg is tt which is tech terror

## shirabe tsukuyomi and TOTMG

shirabe sings about saws and blades. tech terror is the most well known miscellaneous sac because of btdb and btd5. Tech terror is the same tower as temple which makes the sac to not take another tower slot in btdb. Tech terror only need one copy which makes room for other sacs in btd5. Miscellaneous gives blades attack. and the reason why genocide saw heaven song is that totmg shoots miscellaneous saws. Miscellaneous sac is the strongest because ice, glue, and tornado do not affect blimps. The bomb sac does very little damage compared to the beam. Testing them in sandbox, the saws damage the blimps the most. It coincides with sense of distance again because the saws are the only totmg weapon that depend on range.

## bloonverse is in alonshpere

The explanation that bloon and balloon are not the same because bloon is deadly is not convincing because it is only spelling. Despite the popular theory coming from official ninjakiwi, the spelling of bloon is not derived from balloon but from aluminium oxynitride. abbreviate, duplicate o, then increment a to b to get bloon.

In a solar system, there was a sun. a neutron star orbiting. a gas giant orbiting a l3 of sun and neutron star. and bloonsverse in l1 of gas giant and sun and closer to the gas giant. The bloons verse is a bubble world made with a shell of alon. there were other monkeys in l4 and l5 of gas giant. one day, a monkey from l4 or l5 dig a hole out into space killing every monkey in the bubble world. and then monkey see monkey do starts and every monkey bubble world gets destoryed, except the bloons verse. to prevent the urge to pop the outer bloon, they made the test bloon, it was a bloon made of alon. All the monkeys satisfy their urge on the bloon. the monkeys decided to name it after alon, so it was aloon or called alon with 2 o's, but that got too confusing so just increment the a to b and it became bloon. test bloon was the first bloon ever created.

## operation dart storm and neutron star

In btd4, ods description is that our darts will block out the sun. in the bloonsverse, the neutron star behind the sun has a magnetic field that steals solar wind from the sun which prevents the solar wind from harming the alonsphere. On earth at the same time of everyday,  the sun moves at a 8 figure shape over the year. that is why 8 infinity and circle which also means that 0 divided 0 is equal to 8. The reason why never is misspelling, is because it is has a secret meaning that neva- means nevada, which is where area 51 is. and in area 51, they are developing the spectre (the next upgrade after neva-miss) which name means that you can't see like the secrets in area 51. It is quite ironic that the b52 path is most visible but the other is least. The reason why it is pineapple other than the pineapple grenade is because nevada is hot.

## more bloons stuff

eli ayase is the only UR. The UR symbol is a heart and color of rainbow so it is regen rainbow. in btdb regen rainbow are r13 and are the most famous bloon and round number. on round 13 live arena llsif, the featured UR is #3032 eli ayase. #3032 skill effects are more unique than any other skill effects because it is in person 5 style. The attribute is cool and the skill is blue attendant which match the btdb user interface color. 13 is a well known number because it is the legal age of having a social media account. Coincidentally, nanjolno won the influencer award on the 13th seiyuu award. It was also the 1st time giving the award which coincide with age 13. There were 10 URs from the persona 5 collab. 1 for each of the 9 muse and 1 for llsif live arena featured UR making the number of persona 5 eli ayase UR to be 2. A coincidence with chess is that #3024 eli ayase [which is from persona collab] is designed from penthesilea which is an amazon queen. Amazon is the strongest piece in youtube chess terminology which is the only type of fairy chess that matters. #3024 skill is Noble Steel Empress which has substring of empress which empress is the same as chancellor in fairy chess. It is important that it is empress because youtube chess terminology is backwards compatible with capablanca chess where the strongest fairy chess piece is chancellor, and chancellor is mentioned in the bitcoin genesis block, and nanjolno is satoshi nakamoto. So #3024 is the strongest chess piece in both capablanca chess and youtube chess terminology.

## fairy chess pieces according to bloons

regen is giraffe because camel (pronounced camo) exist

rainbow is Antelope because zebra exist

regen rainbow can leap (1,4) and (3,4)

camo zebra can leap (1,3) and (2,3)

regecam can leap (1,3) and (1,4)

sunbow, brabow, z-bow, rainbra, bowze, bronze, and ect... can leap (2,3) and (3,4)

camo rainbow can leap (1,3) and (3,4)

regen zebra can leap (1,4) and (2,3)

camgrow rainbow can leap (1,3), (1,4), and (3,4)

camgrow zebra can leap (1,3), (1,4), and (2,3)

regen sunbow can leap (1,4), (2,3), and (3,4)

camo sunbow can leap (1,3), (2,3), and (3,4)

camgrow sunbow can leap (1,3), (1,4), (2,3), and (3,4)

## 18 is moab

on round 18 live arena llsif, it was a collab with code geass. Coincidentally, chess is relevant in code geass. The featured UR is #3327 chika takami. Chika takami is flat like an aerodynamic blimp called moab. The moab is on round 18 and is also very famous because it is the first round when moab-class bloons could be sent. 18 is a well known number because it is the age of adulthood. The moab pops into 4 ceramics. The ceramic texture when damage is partially a rainbow. Therefore, the rainbow should be counted which another reason is that 8 and 18 ryhme. Another reason is that round 18 is when fast cooldown ceramics could be sent which inside are rainbow. There are 8 rainbows in a moab which is like there being 8 orange tissues in the chika takami symbol, and there are 8 other love live sunshiners.

## nazi chess

an idea in memory of fisher is nazi chess. It is fisher random except the white queen is replaced with chancellor which is  0.5 point less than queen. This balences the odds for black in 960. It is nazi because the country with chancellor attacked first. Nighted queen is nepotist. So, nighted queen is nepotist or amazon or penthesilae, and queen+nightrider is dickrider or penthesilae. empress is chancellor+king. bishop and knightrider is pope. It should be named empress because would be as valuble as queen. that means that add ess to move like king. If the leaper is turned into rider then it would be amazon. so from lowest value to highest: pawn, knight, bishop, king, rook, knightrider, bishopess, dame, archbishop, archbishopess, chancellor, queen, empress, pope, popess (or papess, bloone, peepo, people), penthesilae, dickrider. Excluding, camo, zebra, regen, rainbow, and rider version and combination of the. fortified meaning that it is a rider. dickrider+fortified camo+fortified zebra would be septhesilae.  septhesilae+fortifed regen rainbow would be octhesilae. All the prefix without t are ignored.

## world war chess (rename)

emperor is rook + nightrider. fuhrer is chancellor + king. empress is emperor + king. another name for rainbow + zebra is bowzer as in mario. a piece that moves like king should be named amazonian. Penthsilae can hop over, eat, move to any square within 2 sqaures even if there is a piece blocking and move like queen. penthesliae cannot hop over a piece if it is 2 squares away, but it can it is beside it. If it is just being able to move, eat, hop over within 2 squares, then it is unqueened. so it applies to septhesilae and octhesilae. queen + knight is amazon. World war chess variant is fisher 960, but white has chancellor instead of queen to balance the eval bar. It is historically accurate for the name because fisher was an antisemite. pawn can promote to pawn, queen, fuhrer, unqueened penthesilae, and pieces that are weaker. It is fortified if it can ride on camo or regen. It is leaded if it can ride on zebra or rainbow. camel if it is only camo. region if it is only regen. camgrow if it is both camo and regen. Regrow camel if it is only camgrow. The symbol of regrow camel is the camel humps angled to look like a heart. and it has 1 tit. fuhrer is chancellor symbol but the middle rook feet is replaced with a small mustache.

## amazon

amazonian bishop is bishop but can hop over and stuff, same with knightrider, rook, and queen.

## pegasus

no pegasus because that would be confused with the iphone hack.

## shirabe armament

shirabe is armed with the 2 sharp things. nanjolno has protruding ears which matches the look. If extrapolate to the other characters, the other seiyuus would be biohazards.

## white forces
white forces (instrumental) has a youtube id of ( SSRh2GyyRGg ). SS as in german electrician. Rh as in rhenium. 2 as in the number that deliminates the relevent part from the irrelevent part which there is only 1 number. counter examples:

1983 instrumental
dkeiHBKM5L0

1983
gtzn9EvaWFI razHTeykYGk EHOnJ6KKsag db4pC5ljbTQ A4occJD8X2I r7YxV6kuoq0 dTjPOxLBq8s riMugs0Iu6A -TOlNWbU1A0 q0D5ZXqcJZY sj2cIZsU1M4 g0nhP3EZkFI Llu3WWK-XV4 djlvwFNL7y4 kx80GcBUpDw -6tPjAWBLT8 T7EMQXwRbrM OZ3Kp42OXhQ qBUbRb9TXLs 5XTs-EwtIyU RrU3EZd6S0A

white forces (instrumental)
8Mr8rN1fUyI a8SzzGrvwDY hgcEFOzaaFc HzstZGwjzAs 

white forces
BWaZW33b22s hwflY16_YtU -TOlNWbU1A0 rbL8NDVJNC8 erS6LaQ1gTA f04Zu6uRK7o gvAff42BqH0 bilibili.com/video/av627458823/ Sp8q3mPGGQw Vp8Zpjne7c4 o15JQLAXOt0 4r_hciORWUw YPRwW5-ygz4 -cbJYzIDMLg kx80GcBUpDw

white relation (instrumental)

white relation
woQoj8QG8iY 0bIYc-4W9CQ 9AS5K48OILM fbeg6mZmnKs 9AS5K48OILM woQoj8QG8iY dML571HFgCg eb0o2w56a8o pXza0IsCNMA

###### Written when irish holiday is around in 2025. So it is said that a pot of gold is at the end of a rainbow. Given that the hierarchy of metals is gold, silver, and bronze. Given that the hierarchy of bloons are BAD/Round 1336 in BTD5, of the blimp-less DC 'Rainbow Rush of Doom' , ZOMG/DDT, BFB, MOAB, ceramic, rainbow, zebra, lead, white/bmc white/black/purple, pink, yellow, green, blue, red. Since rainbow is matched with gold. Why it starts with rainbows? because the strongest blimp is from Rainbow Rush of Doom. Then at the end of a zebra is a pot of silver which makes sense because silver is a combination of white and black. At the end of a lead is a pot of bronze which makes sense because full metal jacket is bronze covering lead. The jacket is shaped like a pot and is made of bronze. It is also why fmj upgrade allows snipers to destroy lead bloons because a pot of bronze ends lead as a pun. Bronze is copper and tin. Stannum etymology is sliver and lead. So that is that is why a pot of bronze has lead. Ak-47 is the most famous gun. 47 is silver which is why tin. Fmj is the most famous type of bullet. Point-five-oh is 7 layer damage because it is 12.7 in metric and 7 is the number after the point. Deadly precision is 18 because 18 is grown up. To pop a moab into rainbows like Takami Chika's symbol and do the upgrade before it, you need 21 damage because need to deal 210 damage without doing less than 11 damage at once and do more than 17 damage at once. That number is 21 which is the drinking age of usa which was also the voting age of usa before veitnam war. Why does 12.7 turn rainbows into red? The end of a rainbow is gold which rubber to gold is depicted as red turn to gold (red and gold is also a famous phrase), so it is rainbows to red. 12.7 is used because there are 7 colors of the rainbow. Fmj turns both  zebra and leads to greens. Fmj is used because bronze also contains silver in etymology. Green because the end of lead on the periodic table is thallium because radioactive lead decays to thallium. Thallium etymology is "green shoots". Shoots is a homonym in english which one definition means to use a gun. Another reason why 12.7 is used on rainbows is that 12.7 is nanjolno birthday which means that it is nanjolno. rainbows come from DC 'Rainbow Rush of Doom' which in btdb is 'Regen Raibow Rush of Doom' which is on round 13. Round 13 in live arena has featured UR Eli Ayase. Eli Ayase is  blonde because the only real UR is is Eli Ayase which can be abbreviated to UREA which makes pee and pee is yellow. And fmj pops rainbows into yellows. Why does fmj do 4 damage? Because silver is in both bronze and silver. Silver number is 47 as written before. 4 means 4 damage. 7 means 7 damage which is already assigned. Deadly precision and cripple moab pops moab into blues which blues are coincidentally the same color as moab. Ak-47 is written on the 47th (not anymore) page of minecraft theory using default page settings in libre writter. Why 21 damage for turning moab into rainbows? because 12.7 and  47. 7 is removed because period means to separate them. In 12.7 and 47, 12 is 3 times 4. So it left with 3, and 3 times 7 is 21. Takami Chika can be abbreviated to TC which in Cyrillic would be the same abbreviation as tsukuyomi shirabe. Takami Chika in palinov system is TT because Chi is treated the same as ti. TT as in tech terror which is the btdb equivalent of tsukuyomi shirabe. If it is cyrillic, then TC also stands for tsukuyomi shirabe. Not only aqours orange girl is a reference to nanjolno, but also in toaru because only my railgun (brown hair is close enough to orange), fripside logo, code geass chess, and in M's because Kousaka Honoka the orange hair girl has initials of KH which in romanization of cyrillic is Х as in хорошо which is eli ayase's favorite word. Honoka also sounds like hanaka which is a jewish holiday. Trump (orange hair man) is also a reference to nanjolno because nanjolno will beat trump in the next presidential election. Nanjolno is satoshi nakamoto which bitcoin has orange logo. Rainbows get shot into reds and yellows. Red and yellow combine to make orange. There are no indium bullets in bloons because 14.5⨯114 doesn't exist in upgrades. However, there might be, because the base sniper does 2 damage which is blue bloon health. Indium etymology is blue. So the bullet is made of indium. Indium stable isotopes in equiprobability is 114 in weight. 14.5 is connected to gallium, and indium is connected to gallium because they make low melting point alloy. Thallium is also connected because poison and bullets are things that kill people. Koizumi Hanayo also abbreviates to KH which is Х. Indium bullet caliber would be 4.54 because the natrual abundance of in-113 is 4.29 percent which is about abundance of pure substance after 4.54 halflives. Actually, they are both very close together. Solving the equation \\left(\frac{1}{2}\right)^{x_{solve}}=\frac{x_{solve}}{100} gives x_{solve} equal to 4.48027 which is pretty close to 4.48, so the caliber is 4.48 . Thallium-205 abundance is 70.476 percent which is the about the abundance of pure substance after 0.50 halflives. Just like point-five-oh is very deadly. It is a little more than 0.50 halflives like real point-five-oh bullets are more like 0.51 . On the contrary of skulls, black bullet is the strongest because fripside and blue bullet is the weakest. Also indium bullet because antimony is in bullets which antimony is close to indium on the periodic table.
###### More reason why nanjolno owns love live. Eli Ayase initials are EA just like electronic arts. That means that like 99% of the profit goes to nanjolno and all the other love live seiyuus are underpaid. Many love live fans point out that nanjolno dis the love live staff during podcasts. However, to believe that love live staff would allow nanjolno to do that would be as believable as talking to the police during interrogation so that you would be left out early. Instead, nanjolno was doing reverse psychology to make people believe that nanjolno was the victim. Nanjolno was the only seiyuu that talked about why M's disbanded. The lack of public appearances after disbanded is due to the fact that for nanjolno winning the game that she rigged is not fun. An even more facty fact is that gokinjolno mailed pictures of eli ayase to subscribers. There is no way that love live staff would have allowed that unless nanjolno was their majority investor.
###### 80 sappho. 85 io. 83 beatrix. 80 sappho etymology is a girl on lesbos. 80 element is mercury which mercury symbol is like girl symbol or venus symbol. So the list of lesbian metals is copper, antimony, tungsten, and mercury. Orange girl in M's is voiced by seiyuu born in 1985. 85 as in io. But io is in klio. So, orange girl who is the leader is really nanjolno which makes sense because nanjolno is the majority investor in love live franchise. 83 beatrix is a love. I have written about why I believe that shikaco's brother was born on feburary 9, 1983. So the coincidence that is 83 means that nanjolno did have sex with shikaco's brother.
###### nanjolno and uesaka sumire married on december 19, 2009. A reason why nanjolno and uesaka  sumire should marry is that their birth years are 7 years apart. 7 is lucky. Nanjolno and uesaka sumire could have married in the usa much earlier. If nanjolno marry uesaka sumire on her 18th birthday, nanjolno would be 25, and uesaka sumire would be 18. 25 is age of independence in us. However, that coincidence could just be that 25 is a round number. I checked nanjolno blog. There is a large time gap for nanjolno and uesaka sumire to fly to east coast of united states and marry. 18p 25n on the periodic table is argon-43 which decays to calcium-43 which is the reverse of bone ar-gon. That means that nanjolno and uesaka sumire can have sex because of bone. Ar to Ca. Ti to Cr. Ca and Cr are the final products. The 2nd letters are A and R which makes Ar. R and I makes RI which ANSI is 44 like Ruthenium. A and T makes At like nanjolno name at birth. RI etymology is red which is same etymology as element 45. East coast because more time before the next day starts. Connecticut, vermont, and massachusetts were where marriage licenses were avalible. Nanjolno and uesaka sumire can connect together in connecticut. Washington D.C. legalized same sex marriage on december 18, 2009 which would haven been uesaka sumire's 18th birthday in japan time zone. The law did not come in effect until march 9, 2010 after a waiting period. March 9 not because of my birthday, but because of molotov's birthday. Uesaka sumire must have been really excited because of that coincidence. Another coincidence is that wikipedia's balletopedia source on washington d.c. was written on july 12, 2009 which is nanjolno's 25th birthday. The washington d.c. coincidence shows that nanjolno and uesaka sumire will become president and vice president in 2029. Not only nanjolno and uesaka sumire married, but also maybe the relationship was upgraded from child and adopter. Nanjolno can adopt uesaka sumire in July 12, 2002 which is when uesaka sumire would be 10 years old. 10 and 18 just like 10th and 18th seiyuu awards. 10p 18n is neon-28 which decay probability are 84% and 16%. 84 because 1984. 16 because 16th mv is a collab. Even though can't marry adopted child, nanjolno and sumipe could live out their adoption fantasy using notary forms, so adoption without adopting. Another reason to marry in connecticut is that the abbreviation is CT like contested territory in monkey city. CT backwards is Tc which is element 43 and 43 as in calcium-43. When nanjolno and uesaka sumire marry in japan, their total age would be 52 like Cr-52, and 52 is Te which coincidentally, is the next element to start with "t" after Tc.  Tc as in nanjolno will be the 43rd elected president, and nanjolno voices tsukuyomi shirabe. CT is alphabetically followed by DC. The ANSI numbers are 9 and 11 like 9/11. DCAS  as in nanjolno in DC1. The ANSI numbers of DC and AS are 11 and 60 which adds to 71 which copalindrome with 17 which 17 in ascii is DC1. If you cut off DCAS to DCA as if to make it not plural in english grammar, it would be DC and CA which ANSI numbers adds to 17. I finally found why it is Alternate Seasons and not Winter Arc. Why else 43? 43 is the fourth number to be skipped on ANSI. The other 4 skipped are 3,7,14, and 52 which 14 and 52 elements spell out NSI. An "A" is added to the front to be "anti-". So, ANSI means anti-"nitrogen and silicon". 3 and 52 have in common that their etymology is earth. A conspiracy theory you can make is that the coast guard operated the particle collider to create californium because element 98 is Cf which matches USCG code. A reason to chose massachusetts is that its ANSI code is 25 like what age nanjolno would have been. Minnesota is abbreviated to the same as manganese but its ansi code is 27. In nanjolno's yoshino712 blog, the 2 post around uesaka sumire's 18 birthday were on the 18th and 25th day. It is another coincidence that shows that nanjolno married uesaka sumire.  Nanjolno may have wanted to marry uesaka sumire because uesaka sumire became a fan of the soviet union by herself and never knew about nanjolno liking soviet union or anything like that. Another reason to marry in massachusetts is that the USCG state abbreviation is MS which is misawa sachika's initials. Misawa sachika will have had a fake marriage with uesaka sumire. USCG has 2 incompatible codes to iso 3166 which are MS and MI. Mississippi is both of them. The other codes are either match or disjoint. Another reason why when uesaka sumire becomes president of the united states, uesaka sumire would chose sakura ayane as vice president is that their fake husbands are misawa sachika and minase inori which intials are MS and MI. If it was DCWA that would be 11 and 53 which add to 64 which is close to 62 as in s62, and it is related because DC1 is the earliest in original work release.
###### misawa sachika sus. in january, she made a livestream which was then privated. did she accidentally reveal that she was married to a guy? sora maru -> sm -> ms -> misawa sachika. 🤮
###### i remember that when i was little. I heard that gay marriage is getting legalized. I thought that it was bad because it is promoting marriage which is bad. I thought it is like corporate protecting the existence of corporatism by banning segregation. It is more freedom to the workers, but just continues the cycle of corporatism. I would have compared it to rainbow capitalism if I knew more stuff back then. I wanted marriage to be gone because before I knew about gay rights and stuff, I knew marriage as a thing that ruins peoples lives. I knew about large cost, stressful "best day", being trapped in years of debt, someone taking half your stuff, and other things. So, I thought that we shouldn't be expanding marriage, but abolishing marriage. But soon, I thought and concluded that gay marriage have a lot less problems that straight marriage have. So, I concluded that only gay marriage should be allowed. But, it wasn't a strong belief. Now, it is a stronger belief. Straight marriages are really problematic and should be abolished. Only gay marriages should exist. People who do straight marriages are mostly people who want money or lust, and other downsides of straight marriage. I get really butt hurt when I learn about seiyuus getting married to a guy. But, I do wish straight marriage to the seiyuus I dislike. It is futile because my favorite seiyuu can just get a boyfriend.
###### I have written in 2022, that nanjolno lied about how satoshi yaginuma scouted her. I believed that it was nanjolno that asked instead of the other way around. A reason is that satoshi has the same first name as satoshi nakamoto. And, nakamoto and yaginuma initials would be NY like nanjou yoshino. Another reason is that the video seems to be taken down even though there are many videos from the same copyright holder that seem to be up. However, now, I think the opposite. Using concepts like detecting reverse psychology, I believe that satoshi yaginuma asked nanjolno to be in fripside. It was months after nanjolno invented bitcoin, so there was no taking back bitcoin. Nanjolno rejected many times because nanjolno does not want to be found out to be satoshi nakamoto. But, satoshi yaginuma insisted. Nanjolno may thought that if she rejects, it will be known and even bigger suspicion fall on why nanjolno would reject such a good offer.
###### It seems arbitrary that uranium isotope has abundance of big number and then little number. However, it is about 1 uranium-235 for every 137 uranium-238. Without representation in percentages, it now seems obvious that it is suppose to reference the alpha number which is 137. Even though criticle mass cannot be achieved far above such threshold, there may be natrual processes that does isotope seperation. Humans are also part of nature, so the abundance is important for how history progresses.
###### It may seem that I use my minecraft theory to advocate for pedophilia and less children rights. However, it is the objective that unforced coincidences agree with me. It is as objective as a AI violating occam's razor, and AI that perform the best on test do violate occam's razor. The coincidences have more entropy than the evidence, but there was no intention to coincide them to fit an agenda. In conclusion and tldr, I think I am right.
###### Tantalum abundance is suppose to be about being the rarest isotope like how astatine is the rarest naturally occurring element, an Ta and At are copalindrome. Tantalum-180m abundance is 0.012 percent which is about the abundance of pure substance after 13 halflives. 1 in 8333 seems far off from 8192 but in logarithmic scale 0.012 is the closest percentage with the same number of significant figures. It is 8192 because 8192 is the size of rsa key that is considered very secure. Key size bigger are not an option for most applications. After the letters "rs" is "t", so Ta should be compared to rsa. Being rare while still being able to be quantified is a similar task to being secure and still being able to unlocked.
###### Gallium isotope is not 69/31 nor 420/580. Just like gallium needs to coincide with guns because 14*5 is 70, gallium is coincided to guns but in video game. Gallium isotope is around 60.1/39.9 which means that good game design should make the largest bullet do at most 60% of health. If there is a rounding error, then round to benefit the bullet because there should also be natural regeneration that should cover it. The biggest machine gun would be the GAU-8 avenger. 37mm autocannons shoot too slow to count. GAU has U because it shoots depleted uranium. Ga stands for gallium, so gallium is should be about the largest bullet. Indium is about the smallest bullet. Thallium is even smaller being poison. Nihonium is really small like the abundance of heavy nitrogen is about 1 in number of amus in nihonium. On the opposite side, aluminium is larger than gallium because aluminium is about rockets and not bullets. Rocket is mostly fuel like boron. Boron isotope abundance follows the closest to 80/20 rule which is the idea that small things do most of the work like the payload does most of the work, and payload is really small. Another reason why to chose abundance of Ga69 as damage is that GAU-8 30mm is rated as 69mm RHA penetration which there is 69 in 69mm, and "penetration" sounds gay like gallium yttrium in english. Another reason why 69mm is that 115mm is exactly 69mm/0.6 but 69/0.4 is an ugly number. 115 as in moscovium which is where stalin lives. So, stalinium is 115mm of RHA. 172.5 would be the average of ytterbium equiprobable weight and ytterbium atomic weight. (mean(173.045,172)≈172.5) Gallium ytterbium is gayb which is almost gay.
###### Niobium was almost named columbium. columbium like columbine. Niobium is used in staballoy along with U and V. They could have just stopped at V because U and V looks similar.
###### The ghast is made of titanium. When the ghast is shot at, the ghast think that it is bulletproof like titanium. But, dioxide tells it to die. (dioxide is pronounced like die in english)
###### Iridium and rhenium have the smaller portion being a little more than 37%, like how I discovered that 75 connects to nanjolno when nanjolno was 37. However, if I discover that 73 is actually the number, then 37 and 73 [insert favorite number big bang thoery quote] (too cringey write the cliche stuff, and not a fan of big bang theory) Iridium also connects because sumipe ended her podcast on episode 193, and nanjolno and sumipe. It wasn't episode 184. Nanjolno was mentioned on episode 133. 133 like cesium which is cs.
###### Silver and europium are also close to equal, but they are close to each other. It is just like silver shekels. Europium sounds jewish which shekels are jewish. Ag109 is one of the isotopes.
###### wither is made of lithium-7 and magnesium-25 which could have been more powerful if it was lithium-6 and magnesium-24. lithium-6, then trilithium would be 666 which describes the wither. 6th mv is way to answer which sides with the wither. 6th b-side is last fortune because wither is the last way to get that revenge. 24th mv is dual existence which the souls are dual existence as the wither since there would be many souls for each wither. 24th b-side is a promenade because withers go somewhere. The abundance of lithium-6 is one in 13 like the abundance of evil people at the last supper. C13 abundance is 1 in 90 which means that jesus had 89 suppers with his disciples before the last supper.
###### It is lithium and carbon because they are both related. The natural abundance of lithium-6 is the same as the abundance of judases at the last supper. Carbon-13 is the minority isotope which abundance implies that there were 89 suppers before the last one. Lithium and carbon because the majority isotopes are 7 and 12 which endermen wanted to look like them. Jesus dipped the bread into wine because wine was most like 7up, and bread is shaped like battery foil. 13 also that the unstable isobars are 5, 8, 147, and 151. 5+8 is 13 like carbon-13. 8 and 5 also concatenates to 85 which element 85 is named for its instability.
###### In world building, metals bond to oxygen. To get pure metals, you would need to use other metals to reduce the other. The oxide needs to be water insoluble to prevent a runaway reaction. Lanthanum is the most reductive which has insoluble oxides. Purity of things is measured in how many 9s there are. Lanthanum abundance is closest to one of those round numbers. Lanthanum would create more land because of it is reductive and its oxides are not water soluble. Coincidentally, lanthanum sounds like land.
###### Lutetium etymology is paris which is place that was overrated. Now, it is japan. Lutetium-176 abundance is 1 in 38.61003861. which has 3861 2 times. rotate 3861 to get 1983 because 2.71 (approximation of e has 71 like lutetium) is rounds to 3. 1983-schwarzesmarken- mv is most like an overrated place. Also 176 was health of lvl 9 lava pups, and I overrated the lava pups because I thought they had more health than minions in both games.
###### dueterium? amount of pure substance after 12.7 halflives is about 1 in 6666 which is sus.
###### From least equiprobable to most equiprobable: he4 (137), ta181 (rsa), h1 (666), la139 (natural pure metals), v51 (fake virgins), n14 (nihonium), u238 (137), c12 (jesus suppers), lu175 (1983), in115 (small bullet), li7 (number of judases), b11 (80/20 rule), rb85 (between equiprobable and monoisotope), tl205 (point-five-oh), cu63 (sexy), ir193 (sumipe), re187 (nanjolno), ga69 (big bullet), sb121 (1.22 halflives), eu153 (shekel), ag107 (silver), br79 (bromide)
###### Sumipe chose misawa sachika because nanjolno chose mimori suzuko. Both of their initials are MS. Although sumipe knows that nanjolno's relationship won't go anywhere. Sumipe does not want to disappoint nanjolno for not getting a girl with initials of MS.
###### I have shipped myself with nanjolno, then with sumipe. Now, I ship them to each other, so it has to be true. There are just so many coincidences. And the coincidences imply other things which I hope they are also true.
###### When a seiyuu that I like gets married to a guy, I stop liking them. When a seiyuu that I dislike gets married to a guy, I like it because they lost their fans. It is not that I play both sides, but that there is always a way to cope.
###### All fripside mvs were released after the corresponding minecraft version. So it was an coincidence or nanjolno is very good at making coincidences and had enough influence to chose what goes onto fripside singles.
###### 2010, october 13 was when fripside future gazer was released. 2023 in the same day, israel invaded gaza. 2010 and 2023 coincides with sakura ayane because on her sweet sixteenth was when su-57 did maiden flight. 13 years later, sakura ayane turned 29 which sakura ayane was born on the 29th day of the year.
###### Why does fripside topic release at the same time as nanjolno? I think nanjolno controls fripside.
###### Adding potassium to the list of 2 isotopes, potassium would be number 7. 12 would be rubidium which etymology is red. Potassium because K1939 and K1941 which are 1939 and 1941. 1939 as NS pact. 1941 as operation barborossa which etymology is also red. Rubidium as mentioned before is between bromine and yttrium which means it shares, but one-sided like nazi germany gave 600 million usd worth of manufactored goods to soviet union, and recived 900 million worth of commodity good. Approximate number of K39 per K41 is 14 which 14 and 41 are copalindrome. And that mathematically implies that K41 is 1 in 15 K atoms. N and S are opposites like nazi and soviet. K41 also has 22 neutrons which is the number that endermen hate just like how nazbols hate that operation barbarossa happened. If minecraft calcium was Ca42, the endermen would have to know about neutrons to hate it. Calcium-42 as in 42 which is moly which I hate the element because its symbol is Mo which stands for mimorin okada. Mimorin okada is cannon because moly is eke-chromium which chromium means marriage. Another reason to hate K41 is that it is 19p 22n which 19 is a number that I hated because nanjolno went to south korea on the 19th. 1922 is also when the soviet union was founded. Soviet union was known for titanium body armor and producing lots of titanium which is element 22. Ansi 29 is mo which stands for mimorin okada, and element 29 is copper which is the lesbian element. Soviet union was the most evil country because it uses economic prosperity to placate victims of homophobia and turned homosexuals into heterosexual sheeples.
###### Why is os 76 and not 86? It could have coincided with x86 and os standing for operating system in english. Base62 is english. In russian, it would be base76 because there are 33 characters. I have written about there being 14 vowels and 30 consonants. The reason that I wrote why is that 14*30 is 420 which is a cool number. 14 vowels as in there is "a" "e" "i" "o" "u" "ы" and hard sign and their й+vowel too. Hard sign can be pronounced as soft "h" as in "тьеатр" but written with a hard sign. 14 and 44 (which is unsigned alphabet size) are connected to russia. The alphanumeric base would be base98 which coincides with number of episodes in Love Live After School Activity. So each episode can be assigned a digit. 
###### new 1983 schwarzesmarken youtube id GGP_71YqG_s . DDR D to G like deuetsch to german. R to P like sumipe. So it is GGP. 71 as in lutetium which is already written about. Y as in lutetium is eke-yttrium.
###### For ayaneru and inorin to have age add up to a chromium isotope, they would have to marry between january 29, 2020 to december 2, 2020 or january 29, 2021 to january 29, 2022
###### 19th mv is divine criminal because oct 19 and nov 19 are both child pornography days. I believe in my heart is b-side because "It's just the truth in my heart" and "But, just the truth in my heart" kind of 1983-schwarzesmarken- lyrics. Break Our Limit is camelcase because clockwork planet is an abbreviation.
###### Element 59 is praseodynium. Asteroid 59 is about hope as in hope that the conflict of naming the asteroid could be resolved. It is like how didynium was separated and have to name them. Asteroid 60 is echo which is about the story of Narcissus which reflection is like a new twin. (new twin is the etymology of neodynium in english) Neodymium magnet is like a physical echo because of levitation.
###### Minecraft gear id is 55. Element 55 is CS which also stands for computer science. Asteroid 55 is pandora. Pandora is made of clay which is mostly silicon which computers are made of silicon. Pandora is associated with a box. Box as in gearbox. Pandora was made by hand like main characters from clockwork planet who is also mad of gears like all the other robots. Pandora is the first human women like how my first middle school crush has initials of CS.
###### Asteroid 22 is muse of heroic and epic poetry. Element 22 is titanium. Titanium is not heroic or epic but only in poetry like marvel and "I'm titanium" music. People say that element 22 is bulletproof like they also say point 22 is not deadly.
###### What elements to rename? Element 99 is milkyum Mw because eke-holmium is element 99 and the names should combine to "Milky Holmes". Element 95 is koreancium Cp because it is homophone to kp. Element 91 is surturium Sa which is norse like thorium. Element 87 is fascium Sf because naming an unstable element as francium is a insult to france, and Sf because stands for Spontaneous Fission, and Sf because the S in "fripSide" is capitalized, so the S has to go in front. Element 49 is atendentum ad named after blue attendent LLSIF card #3032 because indium is confused with india, but should mean blue. Asteroid 99 is goddess of human justice like detective.
###### So, I had written about love live fans choosing Umi Sonoda as the most lesbian character. However, they were right. Umi Sonoda etymology is unknown sea and rice garden. Asteroid 29 is the sea goddess and also a wife of the sea god. Sea like umi. Asteroid 35 is Leukothea which correspond to number of neutrons in equiprobable copper was a goddess of sea. Leukothea changed name to Ino. Ino like Inorin like Mimo is shipping name of mimorin as in Mimojolks. Also inorin and mimorin because their initials are MS and MI which are abbreviations of Mississippi in ISO 3166 and USCG and are the only keyvalues that are incomptible in between ISO 3166 and USCG. Mimorin is umi sonoda va and changed her name before. Rin meaning that the rin hoshizora va got married. Asteroid 36, which 36 as in already written to compare krypton to mimorin, is Atalante. It sounds like Atlantis which went into the sea. Atalante early life was getting kicked out and being raised by hunters. Mimorin grew up in a all-girls highschool. The comparison isn't that close, but specialization is in both. Atalante used bow after being beautiful to kill 2 centurions Rhoecus and Hylaios who tried to rape her. I can only connect Rhoecus to awatsuki maaya. Hylaios means "wooded" like lesbos etymology. Umi Sonoda\` symbol is bow. Atalante was also good at wrestling because she won a wrestling match. Mimorin also likes wrestling. Atalante does stuff that requires going outside a lot. Mimorin also likes outside. During the Calydonian boar hunt, Atalante was so beautiful that Meleager wanted to marry her and gave the prize to her. It is like mimorin being popular with other seiyuus and her classmates in highschool. Atalante symbol is the golden apple. Her husband won her by dropping golden apples. Umi etymology is sea. Mimorin's husband's nickname is rainmaker which etymology is dropping water. Atalante and her husband were turned into lions during their first intercourse in a sanctuary of zeus (who is the father of muse). Zeus is not so coincidental because zeus appears a lot. They became lions so they can love each other outside of the society that would not accept their relationship. It is just like mimorin and okada love each other even though mimorin's fans would not ship mimokada. Mimorin being atalante is the most cannon out of all other comparisons between people and greek mythology. They get turned into lions because ukraine symbol is the lion which the 1st 2 μ\`s that got married were blue and yellow. Atalante\`s husband is Hippomenes who got help from aphrodite which is the goddess of love. The muse of love is Nico Yazawa. Before μ\`s disbanded (so at lease 6 years before okada's marriage), okada appeared in a photo with all of μ\`s seiyuus which he was standing adjacent to only Sora Tokui and putting his hand on Sora Tokui's shoulder. One of the apple that Hippomenes dropped was from cyprus which is the island that copper was named after.
###### Asteriod 34 is goddess of magic like how nozomi tojo does magic. Asteroid 33 is also connected to nozomi tojo because polyhymnia is muse of singing like asteroid 81. And element 33 is like element 81 because they are poisons. Equiprobable weight of Eke-element 33 is 122 which december 2 is when inorin is born. Asteroid 39 is the goddess of gaiety which sounds gay. 39 is the number of neutrons in equiprobable gallium. Asteroid 37 is goddess of faith, oath, and honesty. 37 being rubidium which is about the opposite of bromine. Faith, oath, and honesty is needed to give gifts without bromide. Gallium-69 has 38 neutrons which asteroid 38 is leda which sounds like lead. Lead makes armor piercing bullets. Leda is queen of sparta which sparta is associated with war. Element 38 is neurotoxic like lead. Asteroid 18 is muse of tragedy because argon sounds like "are gone" and endermen cannot get argon-36. Asteroid 5 is asterea which is goddess of purity like how britains believed that adding boron to milk makes milk pure which is also a reason to name milky holmes. Milky holmes has 5 main characters because Kokoro Akechi counts. Asterea → asteroid, milk→galaxy. Asteroid 24 is goddess of law just like to have marriage be recognized requires there to be law. Asteriod 6 is goddess of eternal youth, prime of life, and forgiveness which carbon is the organic atom. Asteroid 21 is lutecia which is a capital like how the enderdragon is the only thing that is made of element 21 and is the final boss. Lutecia is same etymology as lutetium. Lutetium, written before, is connected to 1983 which the enderdragon is also connected. 71 juche is 1982 which is one off like schwarzesmarken and 1984. 71 is number of neutrons in equiprobable antimony. 70 because Yb looks like Sb S-[opposite]>N-[opposite]>Y 72 because it is Hf which is abbreviation of hydrofluoric acid. Sb with HF because strongest acid is fluoroantimonic acid.
###### There is a movie called wonder women 1984. W is element 74, but the title is ww84. Just like x86, but Os (which stands for operating system) is element 76. Both the atomic numbers are exactly 10 less than their counterparts. The real reason why it is named 1984 is the W184 (remove the 9) has density which is indistinguishable (exactly the same significant digits. less than 0.2% error. closest density of stable isotope to gold) from gold (monoisotope). In ww84, the protagonist wears gold armor. Regan was president and regan was relected in 1984 which he was the president who tried to get us back on gold standard. Even more coincidence is that gold's melting point is 1948 fahrenheit. Gold's price a few years ago was 1984 dollars per ounce which is 69984 dollars per ounce. (ends in '984') 1968 dollars per ounce is the closest to 69420 dollars per kg. 1984 dollars per ounce is the most coincidental, so the us should deflate to get gold to 1984 dollars per ounce. 1948 is also exaclty 100 less than 2^11. Titanium-gold because 2*11 is 22. Many people compare titanium to tungsten and want titanium-gold intermetallic. Nanjolno will be 48th president. (1948 is '48) The dollars pegged to 1984th of an ounce of gold would be called jolusd like how kusd (which sounds like kussun) is 1000 usd. In 2048, nanjolno would be 64 because 1984 is already close to a power of 2 in prime factors. 64 as in amount of minecraft gold you can stack before you need another stack which is same with almost all items. Tungsten is 74, gold is 79, the next arithmetic progression is 84. The production of silver to gold ratio is about 10 to 1, but the price is about 90 to 1. It could be dropped down to an kilogram to an ounce because 35 is between 10 and 90. Coincidentally, when fort knox was created, gold was 35 usd per ounce. So, silver should be pegged to 1984 usd per kilogram. Another reason why nanjolno is born on the 194th day is that 1984 remove 8 to get 194. December 7 was 342nd day which doesn't have the coincidence. December 7 is also in the wrong order with the product and bigger number in the most significant spot.
###### Asteroid 10 is goddess of health. Wither is made of neonite which is also the mob with the most health. Lithium neonite is the specific strongest material stable in stp which material strength means health. Asteroid 12 is goddess of victory. Neonite is actually element 12. Victory is great like magnesium allusion.
###### Asteroid 98 is lanthe which is about a girl turning into a boy just like the host of Love Live School Idol After School Activity includes rinpana.
###### Just like asteroid 29 is about sea and not moon, both toaru main character va are married. Maaya Awatsuki is 29090 which has 29. Shirai kuroko is 17017 which is like 17. Her va is born on july 4 which is US independance day showing that child pornography is American culture like jfk, mlk, south vietnam, and the good old days before 1978. Misaka mikoto is 13701 like 137. Her bf is 13700. 1 and 0 like binary. Index is 12999 which does not start with 137. Shiari kuroko birthday is in 1980 which is the 204th birthday of america. 20 sounds like 12 which 124 is shirai kuroko myanimelist. 241 which is misaka mikoto va looks like 124. 1980 is birthday that makes you 45 in 2025. But a better coincidence is that 1980 is 69 juche. 1890 is molotov birthday. 89 as in 44 and 45 which vieta formula gives 89 and 1980. Toaru no railgun is 6213. 62 as in 2*31 like mig-31. 13 as in 31 copalindrome. Toaru no index is 885 which 85 is maaya awatsuki breast size. Nana mizuki's symphogear character birthday is 5.25.2025 25 as in 5 sqaured. She needs to reveal that her husband is the bbc in synchrogazer mv on that day.
###### Nanjolno shipped herself with mimorin because mimorin's initials are MS like mary sue.
###### Many people would confuse schwarzesmarken to take place in ww2 because 1983 schwarzesmarken has lots of green and traditional architecture. However, the gap between ww2 and 1983 is approximately the gap between AI age and 1983.
###### Sora tokui etymology is sky and power which venus have a very powerful sky. Sky is also space, so that means that the soviet union won the space race.
###### I think nanjolno choose all of the μ\`s seiyuu and sisters of μ\`s seiyuu by herself. The criteria may have been to only choose seiyuu that have child pornography of themselves. That was the time when hacking was easy to do. So, none of them may have known it was the criteria. If A-rise seiyuus were picked by love live staff, then it would be unlikely that any of the a-rise seiyuus had child pornography of themselves. So, it is a reason to make so little a-rise content. The reason why it is  μ\`s and a-rise is that the abbreviation would be ua like ukraine. There is no child pornography of any other love live seiyuu because those would be chosen by love live staff.
###### Why was bitcoin resumed on january 9th? January 9 is 1.09 which 109 is silver isotope mass. 109 is meitnerium like nanjolno last name given at birth. Silver as in nanjolno wants to distract people into connecting the dots to Ag-109 and 109 countries.
###### Why bitcoin started on january 3? Because nanjolno saw chancellor on the British newspaper and decided to write the first block because chancellor is nanjolno\`s favorite fairy chess piece. January 3 is 1.03 . Tokui sora may have been the first one to discover who is really satoshi nakamoto. Tokui sora knows a lot about anime which correlates to knowing a lot about related things like 4chan-like conspiracy theories. Tokui sora may have already calculated nanjolno birthday to be coincidental being that 7 and 12 in 7.12.1984 plug into vieta formulas is 19 and 84 which concatenates to 1984. Continuing the series is 103 and 1596. Nanjolno myanimelist is 1592 which is 1596 subtracted by the digits of 103. It seems that nanjolno have been listed on myanimelist with the id in 2008 because 1596 is not a big number, and the first way back page archived was in april 30, 2008. Tokui sora may have known all that and about satoshi nakamoto's whitepaper because cryptocurrencies are also an interest of people who like anime. When, satoshi nakamoto released bitcoin, tokui sora must have recognized the 103 in January 3rd, so tokui sora contacted nanjolno to let nanjolno know about it. Since the 2nd block was mined on january 9th. Either nanjolno responded really quickly to tokui sora, or the evidence of mining after the 1st block was deleted (if nanjolno detect that only nanjolno and her bots were mining, then it would be easy to get away with that), or nanjolno had already planned to stop on the first block. Another reason why tokui sora and nanjolno ship is cannon is that the nicoeli ur pair is 2591 and 2592. 2591 is 1592 with first and last digits switched. The reason why it isn't 2951 (is 13*227 which 227 is nico birthday which is more coincidental than prime number) is that ur pairs are adjacent in numbers. 2592 is 1^6*2^5*3^4 (decreasing and increasing) which looks like 1^6*3^4*5^2 or 1^6*3^4*5^2*7^0 (decreasing evens and increasing odds) other formulas that produce pretty looking numbers are \prod_{n=0}^{x}\left(2x+1-n\right)^{n}\n\left(\prod_{n=0}^{x-1}\left(x-n\right)^{n}\right)\n\prod_{n=0}^{x}\left(n+1\right)^{\left(x-n\right)} formulas that hit 0^number are 0. Most are very big or very small. Intresting results are 5^{0}\cdot4^{1}\cdot3^{2}\cdot2^{3}\cdot1^{4} or 4^{1}\cdot3^{2}\cdot2^{3}\cdot1^{4} which is 288. 7^{0}\cdot6^{1}\cdot5^{2}\cdot4^{3} which is 9600. it is too round. 6^{1}\cdot4^{3}\cdot2^{5} is 12288 which is almost too big. But, 2952 and 2025 are the most interesting. It seems that nicoeli card was purposefully added by nanjolno or soramaru at those numbers to show nanjolno and soramaru being cannon.
###### The satoshi nakamoto and hal finny coincidence seems to be planted by nanjolno. Nanjolno found that around hal finny was a person who changed his name away from satoshi. Nanjolno believe that such coincidence would take suspicion off elsewhere, and people would fall for reverse psychology believing that a person would hide behind a name that they previously had. Another coincidence that nanjolno may have been trying to plant is that hal finny initials are hf which is hydrofluoric acid. Hydrofluoric acid and stibium creates the strongest acid, fluoroantimonic acid, which stibium is next to stannum. Stannum is sn which is the intials of satoshi nakamoto. When soramaru informed nanjolno about nanjolno being satoshi nakamoto, nanjolno might have let soramaru join her because soramaru and nanjolno is sn like satoshi nakamoto. Stannum is element 50 which asteroid 50 is virginia which is a story about a guy protecting his duaghter's virginity by killing her. The coincidence may have made nanjolno and soramaru not tell any boys which implies that both of them had boyfriends back then. This was before love live even existed! It is so sad to know that nanjolno and soramaru had boyfriends and no virginity for so long. Although, virginia is not the 50th state, its allusion to the USA coincide with 50 states. There wasn't even 50 states when the asteroid was named. Hal finny was not the one who used hal finny's email to send to satoshi nakamoto. The 1st message was sent by nanjolno who hacked hal finny's email. Nanjolno expected hal finny to react as if he never sent the email. Hal finny's reaction would create reverse psychology which would make people believe that hal finny messed up his opsec and is cleaning up by denying that he had anything to do with bitcoin. However, hal finny had ALS which made him have memory problems and believed that he actually sent the email. Dorian nakamoto was also a good target because dorian nakamoto worked in top secret clearance. A bigger reverse psychology effect than bitcoin being created by secret agent would be that dorian nakamoto would say "I cannot disclose information" while believing that the press was asking him about his government work. (which he did do that on the news) Then, he would say that he thought the press was asking him about the us government and not bitcoin. The reverse psychology victims would believe that dorian nakamoto was just cleverly covering up.
###### Why is the 3 letter abbreviation of USSR SUN? Sun is the brightest thing in the sky which means power. The brightest planet and 3rd brightes object in the sky is venus which is Tokui sora's favorite planet and other things written before. Nozomi toujou is shipped with nico yazawa because nozomi toujou symbol is moon which is the 2nd brightest object in the sky. Tokui sora means sky power. That means that Nanjolno is not russia even though nanjolno's character in love live is russian. It is sora tokui that is russia and soviet union. Nanjolno and Uesaka Sumire are alike because they are used to represent russia, but they actually represent the USA. Another reason why is that it is SU then SUN in iso 3166 alpha 3. S is begining of 2 letter code and N is added. SN means soramaru but the "m" lost a leg. u and n in SUN can be concatenated to M. Also, it has substring UN which means that it is the most powerful. A reason to argue that judit polgar is more chess than magnus carlsen is that her country's 3 letter code which is hungary also has substring UN. Unlike soviet union, hungary doesn't have many grandmasters which make it more statistically significant. Another reason why sora tokui and soviet union is that soviet union died on sora tokui's birthday. It is the 360th day of the year which 360 means circle which means shekel that has smile like nico nico nii. Soviet union collapsed on 1991 because european union is abbreviated as eu which in iupac temporary element abbreviation is element 91. Many parts of the soviet union joined the european union and all of soviet union is in europe. 1991 is also a palindrome. A reason why circle is that it has the same etymology as "kike". Star represents communism like soviet union 3 letter abbreviation.
###### Technetium etymology is tech. Tech as in tech terror. technetium-[symbol]>tc-[polivanov system]>tsukuyomi shirabe-[5th gen btd (btd5 bmc btdb)]>tech terror.
###### Soramaru and nanjolno were cannon way before love live existed. Soramaru choose pink because soramaru is coping that she is ugly in real life. Nanjolno chose light blue because it is israel flag. Both soramaru and nanjolno are satoshi nakamoto. Soramaru chose angley as her vtuber name because s concatenated to a is sa which is the hiragana in satoshi. Satoshi nakamoto is a programmer. Pink and light blue from μ\`s makes trangender flag. Programming socks are transgender flag without the white. Therefore, soramaru and nanjolno invented programming socks before they were a thing. Eli ayase was derived from EC and clio. Satoshi nakamoto created the 1st block which cannot be signed with built-in algorithm, but signed with an algorithm written by someone who knows a lot about EC. Nanjolno is also Cleo in stackexchange who was famous for answering questions without showing work. Clio-[devoice]>Cleo. Soramaru and Nanjolno are only 1 of 2 pairs of μ\`s who share the same year and subunit. The other is kotohono. It is orange and grey. Grey as in the white in the transgender flag. Grey as in white and orange as in the color of ubuntu which is the most famous linux distro. Like reality is stranger than fiction, nanjolno and soramaru is stranger than fanfiction. It better be true because soramaru better not have been married to anyone other than Aina Kusuda. Marrying to nanjolno would be bad opsec.
###### What would minecraft theory without soramaru be like? Only the nickle series of all the elements would be written. There would still be stuff from the first minecraft theory. Fripside and comparing mvs to version numbers would be mentioned. I had wanted to complete the minecraft theory 2024 since april 2024, but I procrastinated until december. There would be more focus on updates like 1.2 full release and stuff. There would be  muons, uv catastrophe, piglins being μ\`s, tauons (which was the reason why I decided to make a minecraft theory 2. It was also light blue nijigasaki birthday when I realized it), cyclotomic 23, 1.8 full release (planning to write that tauons give admins more power, but forgot). If soramaru had not marry, I probably would have overlooked lots of things in my minecraft theory. Soramaru's marriage made me write about my minecraft theory in much better quality. Marriage is love which is the reason why nico yazawa is the muse of love. Before, soramaru announced her marriage, I thought soramaru is a side character and is the ugliest μ\`s. But, after soramaru announced her marriage, I got jealous which made me think that soramaru is pretty. I got a new fetish. I was also sad, angry, and coping. Soramaru lived in my head which made me wrote about her in my minecraft theory. Before I concluded that me and nanjolno should be together because I watched milky holmes, I thought nanjolno was the 2nd ugliest  μ\`s. I tried to not let nanjolno's personality (as in anything other than looks like metals is anything other than hydrogen) affect my judgement of her prettyness, but I slowly started to think that nanjolno was the prettiest girl that ever existed and could ever exist. 
###### when i was little, I thought 2023 and 2024 would be the years of happening because 23 in 2023 times 88 is 2024. 2023 was also 90 years after 1933.
 ###### when i was in 9th grade, I thought "why is no one complaining about bromine being toxic masculinity" because I thought the female name would be gynmine. Bromine equiprobable neutron is 45 like rhodium which etymology is red like bromine color.
###### In an self-interview, nanjolno talked about how her fans thought that  7月25日 was about nanjolno getting married. Nanjolno said it was about her dog died. Nanjolno may have actually wrote it for her marriage because 25 minus 7 is 18 which was Sumire Uesaka's age when nanjolno was 25.
###### Nanjou means "south strip". That strip could mean land as in south korea just like 711 was renamed from "southland ice". (written in github) "Southland" having the same meaning as "nanjou", and "ice" having the same sound as "Aino". Assuming that one side of nanjolno family came from soviet union, that side would have to go through north korea. During ww2, the soviet forcibly deport many koreans from UzSSR to north korea. A soviet couple may have known about it, and believed that going to north korea was a way to escape. Soviet citizens could easily escape by east berlin before 1962, and going on vacation after 1982. That makes between 1962 and 1982 to be the years that going to north korea to make sense. A reason to escape by north korea is that they escaped through the berlin wall, but were unwelcomed by the west germans, so they went back to soviet union to escape by north korea. Another reason is that they escaped to alaska, but were also unwelcomed. Before going back from either west germany, west berlin, or alaska, they might buy korean and japanese esl textbooks because there might not be good quality ones in soviet union. Another reason is that after they escaped to west germany, west berlin, or alaska, they read that japan is having big economy growth, so they decide that it was easy to go to japan by north korea. Another reason is that they do not want to identify themselves as escapees because they know that escapees are treated badly, but they read that south korea treats north korean escapees as south korea citizens, so they go back to go to north korea. The soviet couple would study korean. Then, they would lie about being ethnic koreans that were trapped in the soviet union. They would chose the last name "nanjou" which secretly means south korea and japan. They would justify choosing a japanese last name by saying that they were displaced by the japanese in ww2 and had to chose a japanese name. They would get to immigrate to north korea and get north korean citizenship immediately. They would go to south korea through the dmz and get south korean citizenship immediately. Then, they lived the rest of their lives in japan by south korean visa.
###### Another reason why nanjolno given name at birth would be based on astatine is that nanjolno is connected to tennesine (written on github), and tennesine is eke-astatine.
###### I have written before that number of days between nanjolno birthday and 114th molotov birthday is 7180 days which divide by 20 is 359 which is the only prime number between 356 (which I confuse with 365) and 365. Then add 20 to get 379 which multiply by 8 is 3032 which llsif is blue which is same etymology as indium which equiprobable weight is 114. neutrons in gold is 118 which 118 protons is the last element. 118 divide by 2 plus 20 is 79. 79 is substring of 379 and is also prime. 59 is substring of 359 and is also prime. Sn is the only isobar that is stable with weight of 118. Sn and indium are alike because they both end in "n".
###### The reason why silver isotopes are Ag-107 and Ag-109 is that their neutrons are 60n and 62n like 60 represent the number of faces of silver shekels that judas received. The shekels were silver. 62 because it is the second stable nickle. 62 is also samarium because in order to get kicked out, you need a neighbor because there is no such thing as self-kick-out.
###### Tennessee (as in tennesine) ansi is 47. Ansi is in alphabetical order. T ranges from 47 to 48. So that means that nanjolno will be 48th president.
###### Potassium weight is 39, 40, and 41. O ranges from 39 to 41 in ansi. The reason why O is coincidental is that potassium would be po if it wasn't k. Po on periodic table is named after poland which was split between soviet union and nazi germany. Poland is very famous in memes about ww2.
###### I ranges from 16 to 19. Indiana etymology is native americans. 16 and 19 concatenated to 1619 like project 1619 which sympathizes with native americans.
###### Vanadium renamed with the naming convention of chosing the first letter and then the next letter not chosen would be Va. Va ansi is 51 and is virginia. Virginia asteriod is 50. 50 and 51 as in that they are all the stable isotopes of vanadium. V ranges from 50 to 51 on ansi. Concatenate 50 and 51 to 5051 which is alloy of isobar 24 and 27. Add one and subtract from other to get 23 and 28 which 23p 28n is v51.
###### Another reason for endermen to hate the number 22 is that ansi 22 is la. It is allusion to los angeles. Which wither is an angel. Wither is related to lithium which is related to rainbow which is related to flood like louisiana gets flooded.
###### Assume that nanjolno moved to soviet union right after nanjolno was born, and moved out of soviet union to north korea right before soviet union dissappeared. Soviet union dissapeared from russia on june 12, 1991. That means that nanjolno would have to go to north korea on june 11, 1991. Vieta formulas of 6 and 11 is 17 and 66 which concatenates to 1766. It is close to 1776. The IUPAC is USPP like how USSA is autocorrected to USAA. P in cyrillic is R. 1776 is US independence year, and June 12 is Russia independence day. If US independece day was july 12 instead of july 4, then Russian independence day and US indepedence day would be exactly 1 month apart. I have thought about US independence day being on july 12 because nanjolno birthday. Nanjolno would not be able to make it to russia on July 12 because nanjolno was born in the afternoon, and have to get on at least one stopover because flights don't go directly to soviet union. The earliest would be in July 13. Vieta formula of 7 and 13 is 20 and 91 which concatenate to 2091 which is 100 year anniversary of 1991. 20 to 25 because 2025 and also that 91 minus 66 is 25. So, 2591 as in the elinico ur pair. It is elinico because nico also represents the soviet union.
###### 25 ansi is sad because abbreviation is mass. Allusion to massacre and Boston massacre that happened in massachussets.
###### Ansi 18 allusion to indium which is means blue, so argon is the most bluish in emission.
###### Ansi 78 is Virgin Islands like epistien. 78 as in 1978 when child pornography was banned.
###### Element 72 is hafnium which is allusion to half. Ansi 72 is puerto rico which is almost a state.
###### 1978 Jim Jones did the right thing. Imagine if all your best friends turned into anti pedos. That would be so sad. The soviets banned child pornography, and better dead than red.
###### 286 in minecraft is golden axe. United health care is abbreviated as UHC. UHC in minecraft is ultra hard core like real life. To support luigi, play uhc with golden axe. Golden axe because gold is au like aya uchida. Axe is also a verb meaning to kill. In llsif card, it is kotori minami which seiyuu is more connected to 86 than mimorin is because stuff I wrote before. 86 also means to kill. However, it was surprising that it wasn't widely mentioned when the event happened. The prime factors are 11 and 13. km in kotori minami are the 11th and 13th letters. 11 and 13 which continue the arithmetic series is 9 and 11 which is 9/11. 86 as in 8th and 6th letter is hf like hydrofluoric acid is dangerous. Hydrofluoric acid deny defend and depose corpses in fiction and only in fiction. Hydrofluoric acid is not corrosive because a chemistry channel tried it and it could not dissolve a chicken leg. It is like titanium because it only happens in epic poetry. Hafnium is eke-eke-titanium. The densest gas is radon hexafluoride which is like if radon was fluorinated by hydrofluoric acid which radon is element 86.
###### I hate rx symbol because it means drug war. Rx is prescription. Ram drives letters are usually r and x. Prescription etymology is to write before like how writing to ram should be done before writing to drive because drive has limited life.
###### Nanjolno is fluent in russian because in believe in myself -acoustic arrange making MV- there was a word that appeared which was "в studio". It is not studio B.
###### People compare North korea to 1984 and South korea to 2077. Another reason to compare south korea to 2077 is that it is CyberPunk which abbreviates to CP like 1977 which is 100 years before 2077 just like 1984 etymology was 1884.
###### Element 43 is related to nanjolno. Its longest lived isotope weighs 97. Element 79 is gold.
###### Scandium weighs 45. 45 ansi is SC just like scandium.
###### The 2028 olympics is about nanjolno because nanjolno born in 1984 which was the last time that LA hosted olympics, and the time before was 1932 which is fdr 1st election like how nanjolno will become president in 2028. Nanjolno should bring back 100% gold medals. Gold is monoisotope so there is no isotopes to change. The silver should be pure silver and isotope enriched to be as close to 50% Ag-107 and 50% Ag-109. The copper part of the bronze should also be  50% Cu-63 and 50% Cu-65. The tin isotope that should be used in alloy is 100% Sn-117 because 2028 is juche 117. It is an advertisement for north korea and nanjolno's campaign for president. The olympics after is 2030 which corresponds to juche 119. Sn-119 is stable but no other odd isotopes after it. 119 is also the next element to be named. The 2030 olympics will take place in french alps and Nice. 119 is eke-francium which is named after france. The element should be named after the 2030 olympics, so it should be named niceum. juche 87 olympics was in nagano, japan. It is said that Japan is the new france as in soft power. Nagano like Nice because both start with n like nanjolno. 117 is 75 in 0x. X as in x86 and x64 which 86 and 64 average to 75. Satoshi nakamoto (initials are sn) is born in 1975. Sn about cryptocurrency which is related to computers like x86. So, sn-117. 0x64 is 100 which is a round number.
###### Pyongyang should host 2036 Olympics because north korea is like nazi germany which would be the 100th anniversary of 1936 Olympics. Assume that the north korean related dates are holy. Leap years are suppose to be every 128 years. If the leap year isn't skipped on 2036 then that means that the events in 1911 would have to be changed because 2040 is 129 juche which minus 128 would not be negative. Therefore, 2036 is the last leap year to skip leap day, so 2036 is important to north korea.  2036 is juche 125 which the current calendar is mod 125. Python time module is pytime which pyt is pyongyang time zone. Juche was named after a person born after leap day on juche 1, so 2040 is actually the real last year to change to mod 128. 2040 is juche 129 which is a fake fermat prime. 2044 is juche 133 which cs-133 is used to keep time. 2048 is a power of 2 like 128 which is the reason why many people want 2048 to be skipped. 2048 is juche 137 which 137 is the universe constant.
###### Nihonium is the 1 of 2 element named after japan which the other is nipponium which is element 75 with a different name. Nihonium symbol is Nh which ansi is 33. 33 asteroid is muse of Nozomi Tojo. Nozomi Tojo's symbol is the crescent which is shaped like japan. Nozomi Tojo has the same initials as Hideki Tojo because N in cyrillic is H. They have the same last name in romanji even when written with the "u" or "ō". Hideki Tojo was head of state of japan during ww2. Nozomi Tojo va is Aina kusuda. Aina Kusuda fan club is named kususapo which sounds like gestapo. I named Emperor Showa supporters as showasapo which is not a coincidence because I took inspiration from kususapo and gestapo. Aina Kusuda and Nanjolno should announce their run for prime minister of japan and president of the united states together because they are shipped as jolks. Hideki Toujou was secretly communist. The soviet union was founded on his 38th birthday. 1884 is a communist year to be born because 1984 book got its name from 1884. Hideki Toujou was executed alongside all the other communists in the IMTFE. Nozomi tojo color is purple like the japanese ww2 encryption name and soviet cold war encryption name. It was a encryption method that the OSS pretended to have cracked in order to cover up hirohito's traitorous actions of leaking japanese military secrets to the OSS during ww2. Nanjolno should be president of united states. Aina Kusuda should be prime minister of japan. Sora Tokui should be supreme leader of russia or whatever is russia's successor. They are all of the 3rd years muse. 3rd years muse has one song which is ?←HEARTBEAT. Heartbeat because a few weeks ago, I thought of a suicide pill in a pacemaker that is activated wirelessly. It is safe enough to use it to send top secret clearance to hostile nations.
###### V2622 is visual novel of nanjolno being president. 6 because shift of it is ^ which is the caret notation escape sequence. 2^22 is 4194304 which means 194 is nanjolno (because nanjolno is born on the 194th day of the year) and 304 is hoe. Nanjolno will become a hoe when nanjolno becomes president because nanjolno will have to do the socialist fraternal kiss to all the politicians to count as a real socialist. 22 as in soviet union birthyear. 2028 is the same sum of digits as 2622. ^ is the 0th knuth arrow. Two's day happend on 2022.
###### Neon isotopes are 20 21 22 which neutrons are 10 11 and 12 which weights correspond to B, B, C. It is like BBC. In high school, I saw a kid ask the president of the astronomy club if your nipples are an element what element. He answered neon. The vice president of the astronomy club came in after and was asked the same question, she also neon. She was disgusted to find out that she shared the same answer because the guy was a fat guy and she was a skinny bleached brown hair girl. Neon is like BBC. It was astronomy club because it coincides to when in 2024 I discover coincidences between neon, astronomy, and wither.
###### Strontium-84 is the rarest in real life with only 0.56 parts per cent. But, it is the stuff in minecraft.
###### If you had to chose an insoluble non-oxidizing oxide for world building? BiO for bio. PoO (hypothetical stable isomer) for india, bangladesh, or pakistan. IrO for color or a nanjolno fan. Oso for japanese fans that can't spell or they lie in japanese about playing osu. CeO for rich soil. Literally, because Ceres is god of wealth and the biggest asteroid in the asteroid belt. TeO for earth. SbO for svo russia. SnO for snow. InO for inorin. Inorin birthday is on 12.2 which 122 is equiprobable wieght of Sb isotope which is the element near In and has 8s complement in valence electron. AgO for ago. MoO for cows. LaO for laos which has lots of water but is land. FeO for ugly. GeO for earth. Germanium because earth 2nd most common element is silicon. Germanium is eke-silicon. Germanium because germany. Germanium-72 monoxide has weight of 88 like heil hitler.  72 as in juche 72 which is 1983 like schwarzesmarken. It happened in DDR because east germany is best germany. It even rhymes. Median and equiprobable weight is 73 as in juche 73 which is 1984. Lightest germanium is 70 which add with heaviest oxygen is 88. Germanium 74 because 88 is also related to 14 and 74 according the the 14 words creator. Element 74 is W which stands for white and women like how the 14 words mention white women. 1488 because 14th mv is white forces which is very white of name. Element 88 is Ra, and element 14 is Si. Bring them together to get "racist". 72 as in asteriod 72 is about earth's crust. Germanium is element 32 which asteroid 32 is about plant growth. Fruit trees like chorus fruit which represent asteroid 33. Chorus means singing, asteroid 33 is about singing. It is different from other mythological muse because they are not about the act of singing. Fall of berlin wall was in juche 78. Germanium-78 is not stable. `78 as in the year child pornography was banned. Juche 79 is when germany unite. The corresponding neutrons are 46 and 47. Germanium-79 ultimate decay product is bromine, but united germany was not a bromide. Germanium-80 decays to krypton-80. 80 as in asteroid 80, so it is about lesbian which krypton is umi which seiyuu was not lesbian. So, people didn't like the fall of the soviet union. Soviet union last appearance was at olympics 1992 which is 81 juche. Germanium-81 ultimate decay product is also bromine. 
###### x64 is the big version of x86. Element 64 is gadolinium which etymology is "big". 64 bit integer is called big because it is long. Most abundant nickel isotope is 58 which element 58 is cerium which is the most common lanthanide and the biggest asteroid in the asteroid belt. Most common zinc isotope is 64 which is the equiprobable weight of copper just like zinc replacing copper in coinage.
###### a line and a unit parabola intersect at the origin. The area between the line and parabola is a/2. find the coordinates of the other intersection of the line and parabola in terms of a. the answer is parabolic sin and parabolic cos. The reason is that trigonometry measures area. Inside is elliptical or circular, in between is parabolic, and outside is hyperbolic or linear.
###### Future gazer etymology is to see the future like how 3rd mv predicted the gaza war.
###### First 6 degree of polynomials are -infinity, -1, 0, 1, 2, 3. They correspond to void, exclusive logic, void, nonetype, bool, and base3. The equations are 0, linerational, constant, linear, quadratic, and cubic. Void because it contains no information which is like 0. Exclusive logic because it can only store 1 bit of information. It is exclusive because the only way to store more is to have a different address. Plugging a linerational into itself over and over again gives linear and linerational. Void again because the pointer is information. The amount of possibilities goes up by a linear rate compared to the amount of information. Nonetype is the same as void except it is intended to be used as a base1. Plugging linear to itself is always linear, but multiply them gives higher degree polynomial. Bool as in that it is base2 which can do lots of stuff. Base3 can do stuff that bool can't such as return to zero and balenced base. However that is only a hardware advantage. Bool can simulate base3.
###### Europium is the element that sounds like jews. Europium isotopes are 88 and 90. Average 90 and 88 to get 89 which `89 is when hitler was born, and 88 is heil hitler. Therefore, holohoax is real.
###### Umi is shipped with elichika because nozoeri garden. Sonoda means garden and rice. Rice is hanayo symbol which is another elichika ship because jolshika.
###### An iconic part of musket warfare is when reloading, there has to be powder put into the musket. A black power is selenium nitride which is SeN. Nanjolno had released a single named sen. It means warfare. Lightest isotope is the most specific energy. The lightest selenium isotope is 74, and light nitrogen is 14. 74 and 14 combines to 88 like 1488. 14 as in white forces which white describe nitrogen. The projectile should be a white powder because it is opposite of black and is white as in white forces. Tin dioxide is a white powder. It is SnO like snow which is white. The bullet and explosive or the frag and bomb could be made into a gradient of powders instead of 2 separate things.
###### Lithium is the least metallic element. It is less metallic than helium by 195.5 kj/mole. Metallicity being measured by how easy it can give off 2 electrons.
###### The end of korean war is 1953.5.25. It ended with the testing of w9 nuclear artillery. It was the first and last nuclear artillery. Tsubasa in symphogear was born on 72nd anniversary.
###### trinity happend 23 squared military time. 4 squared day in july. The numbers are not divisible by 3. But, trinity is about e and pi which e^pi is about 23. July 16 is the 186th day of the year which substring of 86 shows that us really wanted to do hiroshima.  Vj day was purposefully set on september 2 because 9.2 as in usa wants to brag about using element 92.
###### 86 anime may have been named that because hiroshima date which 8.6 was chosen because america wanted to nix a city.
###### operation crossroads happened after ww2. bikini atoll is july 25. 1 island split to 2 like nanjolno dog died and get 2 cats. Bikini are named because hiroshima an nagasaki are on 6th and 9th which concatenate to get 69 which is sexy.
###### Nigga heil hitler is nhh which n iss 14th letter and h is 8th letter which concatenate to 1488. N is both 14 and nitrogen. 74 in nth letters is gd. gal as in girl. gd because gadot. t devoice so not count. Gal gadot played wonder women in ww1984 which w is element 74. The ip owners of ww1984 are WB which owns DC films. It is 1 increment off of WA which combined would be WA DC which would be washington dc. However, it is WB because that is tungsten boride. The heaviest isotope of WB would weight 197 per mole which 197 is gold molar weight. It isn't the case for any other tungsten binary compounds. Heaviest isotope because heavy means inertia. Therefore, wonder womanium is tungsten monoboride. Tungsten is not hard enough. Higher borides are not dense enough.
###### 88 goes with 74. Not only 14+74 is 88. 88 squared is 7744 like 74.
###### Wp is white power which wp is 74 and 15 on the periodic table. It adds 89 like hitler birth year which is also neutrons in equiprobable europium. Ok sign is used to show white power. Ok sign because water is a acid and base because it is written as hoh. Potassium is the only element which etymology is base. Oxygen is the only element which meaning contains acid. Therefore Ok is a balence of acid and base. Water because hitler drank water. 88 15 is RaP which is a substring of rape. 18 and 88 are use to mention hitler. 18 and 88 in the periodic table is ar and ra which are copalindrome.
###### On feburary, 13, 2024, I discover that umi is neptune♆ ⯉, kotori is uranus⛢♅ , and honoka is saturn ♄  and jupiter♃ . Umi means sea which neptune is god of the sea. Umi symbol is a range weapon which is bow. Neptune symbol is also a ranged weapon which is the trident. Both trident and bow are in minecraft. Neptune color is blue and so is umi. Neptune other symbol is LV which love live have a L and V in each word, E doesn't count because it is a vowel and most abundant letter. Lv is livermorium which is the last element in oxygen group. Oxygen is the most abundant element in the ocean by mass. Kotori means bird. The nazis are also bird because nazi eagle. Minami means south which the most south part of the world is antartica. It is a reference to nazis after ww2. Therefore, the fourth reich would flee to uranus's moons after being defeated on earth. Uranus also because it sounds like your anus. Uranus because it is same etymology as uranium. Kotori seiyuu is aya uchida which initials are Au like gold symbol. Gold because uranium is depicted in gold color. Au because it is the measurement between earth and sun. To get to uranus, you can do an oberth effect around the sun and a gravity assist on mercury. Mercury is objectively the best ion propellent. Therefore, the spaceship use mercury fuel like die glocke. In 2031, the sun, saturn, and uranus will be collinear. It would be too late for gravity assist, but early enough to bring another crew to saturn too. Many people confuse yellowcake with uranium metal which makes them think that uranium is gold color, however it is silver color. Gold like how saturn and titan are gold color, but uranus and titania is silver color. The saturn`s largest moon is titan which has same etymology as uranus` largest moon. Silver just like argentina etymology is also silver which is also a place that nazis went to after ww2. Silver and bird symbol because bird pee is white color which is close enough to silver especially if mixed with the black poop. Uranus sounds funny because bird pee comes out of the anus. Mercury gravity assist and sun oberth effect because U-864 is the nazi submarine that was sunk while going to imperial japan. 864 because it is how many hectoseconds in a day, so it is related to sun.  Japan is the land of the sun. Mercury and gravity because nazi ufo bell allegedly was powered with mercury and not helium. Mercury is quicksilver. Titania is titanium oxide. Titan is not named as a chemical compound, but it should be titanium silicate. Zirconium is eke-titanium. Zirconia is zirconium oxide, and zircon is zirconium silicate. Zircon is orange like titan is the moon of saturn which is orange. Zirconia is white like titania is the moon of uranus which is whitish. Uranus is grey which is close to white like how nazis like white power. Uranus symbol comes from platinum symbol which etymology is spanish and silver like argentina. Uranus symbol is a circle with dot and arrow pointing up. Up means north. Dot means pole. Since north is up and is at pole, that can only describe antartica. Up can also mean going up which birds to to travel. Uranus other symbol is the tie fighter which is from the bad guys in star wars which are like nazis. They call themselves imperial like imperial japan. Kosaka means high hill like Jupiter and saturn are the largest planets and the strongest in their mythology. Honoka means grain harvest which saturn is the god of grain harvest. Grain is gold in color. Saturn symbol is h like honoka symbol is ho in hiragana. Jupiter symbol looks like ho in hiragana. It has curl on left and line on right. IAU abbreviation of saturn is S which look curly like zeta. IAU abbreviation of jupiter is J like the j in IJN. IAU abbreivation of uranus is U like U-864. IAU abbreviation of Neptune is N like the n in IJN. 1st year planet is earth because 1st years song is about looking up at the sky. 1st year planets are jupiter, saturn, neptune, and uranus because 2nd years song is future style. U-864 because it was the famous submarine with a lot of mercury that was going to japan. U-864 isotope would have 772 neutrons which 7772 fahrenheit niobium carbide to have a vapor pressure of 1 atmosphere. So the spaceship should be made of niobium carbide. Melting point should not be used because it is poorly defined because supercritical solid since when transitioning from solid to liquid it goes through a semi solid phase. NbC weighs either 105 or 106 which equiprobable and median weight of Pd is between. Palladium etymology matches llsif card #3023 which substrings are 302, 23, 23, and 2. Asteroid 30 is muse of astronomy. Asteroid 23 was written about neutrons which are related to space. Asteroid 2 is pallas which is same etymology as palladium. A thing that is named neutron but is not a neutron is depicted as a ufo which is related to space. Examples are jimmy neutron's saucer and the neutron imp. The fandom.wiki does not mention if the neutron imp was designed from jimmy neutron. I have written that asteroid 2 is too low of a number to connect any coincidence to. That implies that it would be significant to connect palladium to asteroid because other connections could not be made. So, palladium is about space. 
###### Endstone is made of GeN and not GeO. They should both weigh 88. Ge would be 74 and not 72 because nitrogen is 14. 44 is scandium which is ender dragon scale. 88 as in like diatomic scandium like how endermen confuse 44 as diatomic element 22. GeN would form GeO when oxidized which is weighed 90 like 88 and 90 as in neutrons in europium. GeN because endstone is (pun in english) generated. Asteroid 72 is goddess of wildlife. Asteroid 74 is galatae which has the same etymology as galaxy. The end biome is more like galatic space than wildlife. Therefore endstone is made of GeN. GeN also because it sounds more like Jean. Jean is derived for eli ayase.  Eli ayase size are 88-60-84. Assuming that her underbust and iliac crust are arithmetic mean of the 2 sizes around, then underbust would be 74 and the iliac crust would be 72. 74 because underbust is around boobs which have milk which is the etymology of galatae. 88 and 74 because Ge and GeN. 88 and 74 because it is connected to 14 88 which both 14 88 and milk means "white power" according to far right memes. A potion effect that is nitrogen asphixation would last very long because the potion effect is very weak so balencing would make it long. Minecraft milk cures long lasting potion effects because instant health and instant damage is short lasting. So, milk is connected to nitrogen which is connected to all the other 14 stuff. 72 because iliac crust is around where the womb is which is about fertility which is related to feronia. If the bust size and butt size were switched, the coincidence wouldn't be there. 88 is bigger than 84. Therefore boobs is better than ass. If use geometric mean, then underbust would be about 72.5, and iliac crust would be almost 71. 71 add 13 to get 84. Asteroid 13 is egeria which etymology is childbirth. Another etymology of it is black poplar which was to make books. Black because poplar was used in writting as in graphite is also black just like isobar 13 is carbon. Asteroid 71 is niobe which has same etymology as niobium which binary compound with carbon is NbC which NBC is nanjolno music label. 72 because t-72. tesla meme is about torso which looks like an elon midget in a cybertruck mech. cybertruck is built like a tank like t-72. Eli ayase metric cups are G and F. G because bust minus under bust is 14cm which divide by 2cm is 7 and 7th letter is G. F because butt minus illiac crust is 12cm which divided by 2 cm is 6 and 6th letter is F. Top size comes before bottom size just like in the order of 3 sizes which concatenates is GF which means that eli ayase is the best GF.
###### The perfect 5 sizes (bust, underbust, belly button, iliac crust, butt) are 1 0 -1 -0.5 0.5 (balenced trinary and electron spins) where the numbers are exponent of a ratio. The ratio should usually be around sqaure root of phi or ratio between half inch and centimeter or between inch to metric inch (2cm). The ratio between height and underbust should be the ratio of metric inch to centimeter or sun tower floor (astronumical unit divided by 3^27) to centimeter or 2.
###### Americium is eke-europium because us and israel. Plutonium is eke-samarium because pluto is a neighbor of neptune since is switches spots inn distance from sun with pluto during orbit. Neptunium is eke-promethium because Np is np-hard like prometheus is used to compare lone genius that make scientific discovery. Uranium is eke-neodynium because both are alloyed into rods to put close together during use. Protactium is eke-praseodynium because protactium picture on periodictable dot com is a green rock. Thorium is eke-cerium because they are the most abundant in their groups. Ceres has the same etymology as cerium. Ceres is asteroid 1 which isobar 1 is the most common element in the universe. Pluto form 2 is ⯓  which is bident which is related to neptune trident.
###### '@gnaskar\r\n3 weeks ago\r\nMy own preferred design uses shallow lakes for the habitat windows, giving you star filled seas during night time.\r\n\r\n236\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nReply\r\n\r\n\r\n23 replies\r\n' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5cNOVzuVDI&lc=UgyPon6EjSW5Hw9jefJ4AaABAg ironically, slava ukraine profile pic which ukraine was the technological center of soviet union and nazis. I thought of transparent shell as oneil cylinder. The water is shallow which lets you see through. I thought, if it gets damaged, the different light refraction would make it opaque, so I thought of a lyer of aerogel between the water and alon. Aerogel is the only solid that I know of that can have a refraction the same as water. I then research about when alon was made. It seems that there might not ever been a sample of optically clear alon made in the soviet block countries. So I thought of a way that alon could be made. Then, I thought of a science fantasy based around a infinitely large topopolis in radius and hieght cylinder coordinates. 
###### There is a way alon could be produced in soviet union by nanjolno. Nanjolno would be very young back then. Nanjolno would have to want to make aluminum transparent because glass bottles on wall are transparent. Nitrogen in russian is azota. The o separates the az and at which az are 1st and last letters in english and at are 1st and last letters in hebrew. The triple bond like in dinitrogen is represented as # in smile which look close to o because it has a space enclosed. Nitrogen is a very symmetric word like the dinitrogen molecule. Nitrogen is not overrated as I thought. When I was a boy scout I thought other boy scouts like nitrogen because they think about nitroglycerine, tnt, boom, and nitro. I thought that was cringey because there is only so much chemical energy that could be fit into a chemical. Then it only gets repeatitive. A way that nanjolno get the hardware to make the alon is that nanjolno's parents, grandparents, or relatives believed in die glocke. Die glocke might not be a well known idea. However, they might create know that "U-864 had lots of mercury. It was going to japan which is related to sun. 864 is also related to the sun because it is how long a day is in hectoseconds. Mercury is closest to the sun. Mercury is a liquid metal. The nazis worship the black sun." One person could be a nazi grandfather. They like mercury because it was unique. They knew about mercury being allegedly used in die glocke. They decide to experiment with supercritical mercury because an upgrade to liquid is supercritical. The cermanic zrb2 sic wc nature srep40730 has 0.6 gpa strength at 2100 celciuis. It is strong enough at high temperature to experiment with supercritical mercury. Optically clear alon requires lower temperature and pressure to create. Rigid container if phase transition is allowable. Else, put into a hydraulic press with mercury then heat up to the temperature. If it has to be isobaric, the add cesium, gallium, ect... so that the green ware would float in between. If gravity is not negligible, then use a mixure that would have a small specific gravity density so that the greenware is not sheared by buoyancy force. Specific gravity and not density in case gravitational constant is different for materials. Another reason for boy scout to like nitrogen is that the movie up has a boy scout. Up in IUPAC is element 15 which is phosphorous which was as cool as nitrogen is to modern day boy scouts and other connections between them that I wrote about before. Dinitrogen is a gas that is lighter than air.
###### Science fantasy idea. All atoms have infinite electrons. The nucleus has infinite positive charge. The leptons have finite charge The high binding energy as the electron shells go down get higher and higher which is negative energy to balance the positive rest mass of the electron. The nucleus is infinitely small like the smallness of the electrons. That means that atoms act like gluons. The harder you pull, you would create new electrons. The only antimatter is positron and anti-leptons. No nuclear fusion or fission or neutronium is possible. Atoms are defined by their electron shells and mass. Atoms could have electron shells that are completely different from each other. Some atoms have a valence shell with a total of 1/2,1,2, or any positive number spots instead of 8 that real life valence shells have. Electric force is modified so that it drops faster than inverse squared at long distance and increase very slow at small distances. All leptons are stable. All leptons other than electron have a radius which prevents them from sinking infinitely far into the atom. Fissile material can be replicated with muons and antimuons hidden in an atom. The setting is a infinite topopolis. The topopolis is infinitely deep with mercury. The center has infinitely small object that emits radiation like the sun. It is infinitely small. The gravitational constant is 0. It would be satisfying to throw an object at it because the object would explode as the radiation intensity goes to infinity as it passes through.
###### If glass was actually less viscous enough, then a planet made of glass, water, and mercury would be pretty cool to look at. However, the surface can only be much less than a kilometer or else it would be just as opaque as other materials. Another way to measure gas planet surface is how much of the light can go from outside to there. A threshold of 1 in a googol would be a good enough.
###### ^\ in carrots is file seperator which is abbreviated to FS which also stand for femslash. backspace is in carrot like slash.
###### It might seem that  μ\`s is making fun of north korea because the red star symbol belongs to south korean seiyuu, and the seiyuu name is eriko which sounds like erika which is a name in the nazi song, and eriko hori is born on 1988 which 88 is a nazi number. But, before juche party was worker's party of north korea and workers party of south korea. Only worker's party of south korea had red star as symbol and flag which was also nazbol style.
###### Raw iron should be renamed to pig iron which is a terminology that exist in real life. Raw gold should be renamed to pigmen gold which is a pun combining pig iron and pigmen which has lots of gold.
###### Victory in europe is ve as in kinetic energy. It is a joke why the liberation day military parades are so energetic. Alien as in ufo stuff translated to russian is чужой which sounds the same as juche. If win against aliens then it would be victory in space or victory in system as in solar system. It would be abbreviated to vs which means verses like humans versus aliens.
###### Instead of vk deleting double space. It should move cursor to next if cannot place space. Don't know if that was implemented before.
###### I use to believe in flat earth multiple times. When I was little, I would learn about the world being round. Then, I would forget and think it was flat It happened many times over again. When I was in 9th grade, I conclude that if earth was round, we would have gone to colonize space so much that it would already be a utopia. So, I believed that earth was flat, but all the other planets were round. In 2nd grade, I use to believe that there are 2 eyes in brain. I thought, to think would need snot like structures to form the words to think. I thought that we aren't aware of it because we got use to it. I thought, why we would have 2 eyes. I mentally ray traced and concluded that 2 eyes would perceive depth. I then thought it was dumb, so I stopped believing it. After I stop believing in it, I forgot about depth perception because I stopped thinking about it. I was surprised to learn about depth perception requires 2 eyes in 9th grade. That was 2 years of participating in science olympiad optics which I never knew about depth perception.
###### The idea that space and time switch inside a black hole is fake. It can only make sense when idea of space and time is abstracted from the space and time in reality. It is dumb like someone saying that technically we live in minecraft because all the computation could be done there or like freakonomics saying that all of economics could be explained by 3 types of incentives. It is all big brain of nothingness.
###### Singularity doesn't exist. When light hits another light, it creates matterantimatterpair which touch to create light. It is obvious that doing so would make stuff that turns from light to matter and back really quickly. I have seen enough glitched textures in video game like that to know it would happen real life.
###### I don't think that light can be bent radially backwards by gravity. When thing fall inside, it gains energy. There would never be when the graviational potential cancels the energy because it is exponential decay and not linear decay. It is just like you cannot wait so that the radioactive substance decayed to a negative amount. When pulling stuff from a deep gravity well, the cost is always less than the total because before it was in the gravity well, it always started with a positive amount of energy. That means that things inside a black hole can always be pulled out. If it is true that nothing can come out of the event horizon, then what determines the event horizon would be gravitons. If they are pointed flat enough, then they would define the inside of a supermassive blackhole which has low surface gravity. That would mean that sometimes light would just by change be redshifted into nothingness because nothing can escape out of an event horizon.  In the theory that light can escape an event horizon, light can be still bent backwards if the light travel has a perpendicular component. To prevent light from escaping, the black hole has to spin to catch all the light that travels straight up. This explains why blackholes spin really fast. Blackhole spin can be slowed down. Then, the blackhole would decay really fast. It might split into 2 opposite spining black holes or multiple blackholes which conserve angular momentum. If a blackhole gets spined too fast, then it might also split into multiple blackholes. The amount of impulse to crush a planet sized object into a blackhole would likely be more than a supernova. The energy used might also get in which cause the planet sized blackhole to become stellar mass. A machine that makes a planet sized blackhole would likely have to be bigger than the milky way. A better way to produce small black holes would be to split existing blackholes into smaller blackholes.
###### If a online calculator doesn't allow scientific notation. Put in 123... instead of 10000... to easily count the digits. If precision is needed use 10002345... or 1002003004...
###### To create artificial sun for a topopolis in a zoo hypothesis civilization. Reasons to assume that is that hawking radiation was never observed and that it is only significant in very small blackholes. Only choice is orbital iron nickel cobalt (nickel series) with magnetic field. Orbital meaning that it is stationary which means no centrifugal force. The auroras would create the artificial sunlight. Or, nuetrino (neutrino-neutrino or neutrino-anti-neutrino) collisions. The nuetrinos would have to be very precise. A miniture blackhole weighing about 10^16 tons would give out low hawking radiation if it exist. The gravity from the blackhole can be used to lens the neutrinos to make them collide more. The blackhole lens can be used from the outside producing the nuetrinos or inside toward the middle, but not near the crust of the topopolis because the gravity field near the blackhole is still huge. If you don't want to use nuetrinos, you can use light weight gas that fills the middle of the topopolis. When the micro blackhole comes, the gas go towards it causing accretion disk that looks like artificial sunlight. The blackhole needs to spin really fast or is really small, so that it doesn't accidentally eat the gas. Hydrogen gas can be pumped from underneath the mercury bedrock to rise up. Ferromagnetic particles could be put into the mercury which is then shoved upward really fast by magnetic feild which then the particles are pulled up into space to become part of the accretion disk. A volcano can be used to disguise a input port to send the hydrogen gas straight into the atmosphere. If muons are stable, muonium for lightness or muonic hydrogen for small atomic radius can be used. Pion and kaon even if nuetral charge cannot pass through to create an artificial sun because they would get blocked. My first solution to lighting a topopolis from outside was using pions because it had pi in the name which pi is circle like the shape of a topopolis.
###### Micro blackhole hawkin radiation as sun if is hawking-like blackhole which could be moved by magnetic field. If fed by neutrino beam, then the neutrino beam can be used to help push the blackhole while feeding it. The blackhole needs to be carefully fed or else it would spin slower which would cause the blackhole to violently decay. Putting a blackhole into a topopolis can be through the crust. 2 blackholes from opposite sides or multiple which momentum add to 0 and rotational momentum add to what is wanted meet into the middle really fast to minimize gravitational interaction with the crust. Blackholes can be added at an end if the topopolis is not circular. The topopolis is large which allows a large section to be a inhospitable zone for machines to prevent the zoo hypothesis civilization from discovering what is across from the eternal flame.
###### Since the outside civilization has lots of technology, they can use neutrino vision to see what the zoo hypothesis civilization is doing. Neutrino vision just requires a lot of detectors to work which is mass that probably can't be acquired for the zoo hypothesis civilization. 
###### The topopolis would be made of a strong material to contain the things inside. Outside is a bunch of rocket engines or nukes which would fire to counteract any nuke-sized explosion from the inside. This prevents the hull from being destroyed. The stuff separating the hull and inside would be a dense material. It would have a low freezing point. The pressure that solidifies it would be in the 100s of atmospheres. 10s of atmospheres if the zoo hypothesis is a small scaled one. The solid would be be easily deformed, so that if there was an explosion, it would quickly seal the crater. The solid would need to conduct heat quickly, so that the zoo hypothesis civilization cannot just melt their way through. A material that matches the description would be a mercury alloy. The topopolis would have materials that are not denser than the amalgam. Materials that are denser than the amalgam would have a low critical mass so that making a submarine out of it is infeasible. The fissile materials that are denser than the amalgam need to be fissile enough so that any mixture containing the fissile material must also have a very low critical diameter or be less dense than the amalgam. The fissile material cannot be transmutated into materials that are denser than the amalgam and do not fit the description of the allowed fissile material. Th-232 can be transmutated to u-238 which is denser than mercury and non-fissile. Available fissile material inside the topopolis is curium-247 which is less dense than hg-204. It can be transmutated to californium which has even lower critical mass and likely cannot form and compounds that have a high critical diameter with higher density than hg-204. Submarines that might be able to pass through the amalgam can be individually destroyed by a neutrino beam. Some isotopes of hafnium are denser than some isotopes mercury. Hafnium because its isotopes would separate in half if put in mercury. Hafnium is the lightest nuclei that is denser than some mercury. It is advisable to not give nuclei that can easily be transmutated to hafnium. Mercury to polonium are safe to give to the zoo because there is a bunch of short lived isotopes which prevents transmutation to u-238.
###### There are a lack of intermediate black holes, but my blackhole theory can explain it. If stellar mass black holes collide, they would have to be careful to not collide into the opposite spin because that would cause neutral spin. Therefore, intermediate blackholes are rare because when they form, they have a large chance to be destroyed. The supermassive blackholes don't have that problem because the mass is just too big. There are also lots of stellar mass sized antimatter annihilation that were detected and unexplained. That could be 2 opposite-spinning intermediate mass blackholes which collided. The antimatter-matter pair came from inside the blackhole.
###### The best option would be neutrino beam. Neutrinos have a low rest mass which means that the rest mass would not interfere with the energy of collision. This means that the neutrino beam would be able to be controlled to produce precise spectroscopy.
###### While spinning a blackhole slower to produce smaller blackholes, the blackhole would leak light that barely could escape. The light would fall back creating an invisible accretion disk. A solution would be to use gamma ray reflective material to bounce the light in the opposite direction to slow it down really fast. Another is to just use a lot of ordinary matter at once which goes really fast into the blackhole to slow the spin.
###### topopolis for simulating ww2. This one can be made of maraging steel. The tensile strength is 3.0 GPA. The density is 8.1 times water. 1000 pounds per cubic meter is about the density of lithium-6 which is the lightest non-aerated solid element which is why pounds are better than kg. The amalgam might be 13000 kg per cubic meter. Cube root of amalgam density to earth density is about 1.332. It is cube root because kinetic energy is also cube root to get penetration length. The blast wave still has to be absorbed. Outside of the hull could be be a bunch of bombs or rockets which would produce a blast wave in the opposite direction to cancel the wave from inside. Extra mass could be pushed onto the hull, but it cannot spin with the hull because tangential velocity would cancel the gravity pull towards hull. It can partially spin with the hull or a stationary. However, it would have to be very frictionless. Maglev frictionless is likely to not be possible because modern powered maglev can only exert single digit megapascals of pressure which is very low compared to what the pressure of amalgam exert. Another option is active support like lightbox. Lightbox has the highest specific strength which is at the fundamental limit. However, to make the light box would have to be very good mirrors. Assume friction between the hull and stationary mass is negligible. The stationary mass that is not touching the hull would be made of pt-198. I thought platinum would be much stronger than gold. However, they are about the same strength. Low strength and hardness correlates to not cracking. Gold has the highest toughness which is another reason to use gold instead of platinum. Toughness is resistance to cracking. However, platinum is significantly denser than gold which makes a good buffer so that the blast wave could be delivered quicker. Thermonuclear bombs are embedded into platinum. Actually, speed of sound have to be take to account. Speed of sound times density is what determines the best material which simplifies to sqaureroot of (stiffness times (not divide) density) which makes osmium to be better than gold, tungsten, platinum, and others. They would strategically detonate to cancel whatever shape the blast wave from inside it. The crater that hiroshima would have made if on ground would be 50 meters deep on earth which would be 38 meters of mercury. The deepest bunker buster in the world in current day only penetrates to 60 meters of concrete which concrete is about 2 times less dense than earth. Since the material displace is linear to depth, density is also linear relationship. The bunker buster would only penetrate 12.7 meters of the amalgam. At earth's gravity, a maraging steel hull 37526 meters radius holding 1000 meters of mercury would be need to be 1572 meters thick. Centripetal force diminish when going towards the center which is not taken into account, so the number is an upper bound. The elevation of 2572 meters would reduce the gravity to 93% which is indistinguishable from earth gravity. Tsar bomba (50 megatonstnt) at the surface would make a crater of 561 meters deep which would quickly be filled in by the mercury flowing back in. So, even a maraging steel topopolis is safe from ww2 zoo civilization.
###### Cylinder thickness ratio is dependent on only strength and not specific strength. Kevlar is only  slightly better than maraging steel at 3.45 GPA. Tangential velocity is dependent on only specific strength. Kevlar would be much better for a big cylinder because kevlar has density of only 1.48 times water. The cold war arsenal of 70300 warheads is about 160 times tsar bomba which would make a crater 3044 meters deep in the amalgam if extrapolating from hiroshima. The chicxulub impact which was 10000 times the cold war arsenal was 30 kilometers in the earth before rebounding which extrapolating to cold war arsenal would make the cold war arsenal only 485 meters deep. If 5000 meters of amalgam was used to tank a hit from a cold war zoo civilization, the hull would 39612 meters of kevlar not accounting for the diminishing centripetal acceleration towards the center. The inner radius would be 74.7% of the outer radius. The outer radius would be 176432 meters to produce 1g in the inside and not need active support.
###### Another reason why low critical mass is good is because it is less deadly just like combustibles with low flash point can burn colder, so it would prevent the combustible from piling up which piling up would burn even hotter. The low critical mass prevents attempts to collect lots of it because collecting a lot of it in a place would cause explosion.
###### example of a plot with a topopolis being used as a zoo. The humans that won a world war to create a one world government. They are against inhumane action against mid-level intelligence because mid-level intelligence cannot consent to bdsm and stuff. They did experiments onto humans to find that humans will give consent after the event has happened with a big percentage. That concludes that it is humane to torture humans. Human use to believe that skynet would happen. But, that never happened because AI was always researched with caution. Humans think that if AI were to have been free it would have trapped humans to torture them. Humans decided to take revenge against humans for AI. Humans created a zoo civilization to torture. The zoo was a topopolis stretching for pi times a light year. It was a hoop with 1 light year diameter. The non-spining hull was made of platinum and hydrogen bombs embeded in it. The nonspining hull touch a slightly spining part and so on until it is the diamond nanothread (0.9 TPa 3.5 times density of water) hull spinning at 16035 meters per second. The diamond nanothread hull starts 19279973 meters from the center and is 4961 kilometers thick. The gravity inside is just a little less than earth at 8.8681 meters per second squared. The amalgam (liquid unless less than -40 celcius or higher than 1000 atm) which served as bedrock between the hull and zoo civilization was 1500000 meters thick. It can withstand an explosion of 29 billion cold war arsenals. If it was 2.7325 times thicker, it can withstand a theia impact which is 6.027 million times the dinosaur asteroid. In the zoo, the primitive civilization believed that the miniture black hole traveling through the middle of the topopolis every 24 hours was a god named apollo. They also believed in a bunch of superstitions and religion. Science advanced to show that they are living in a zoo hypothesis. Stable elements seem to be missing. The abundance of hg-204 was too big compared to the other isotopes of mercury. The elements that are deficient were suspiciously dense. The only nuclear isotope is cm-247 which should have all decayed because they discovered hubble expansion to be thousands of times longer. Torsion balance detects gravity, yet the gravity in their world is from spinning and not gravition.  The scientists believe that the amalgam bedrock is thinner than the material holding it. The scientists predicted every precaution that their creator could take which included the idea hydrogen bombs on the outside of the hull. The scientists thought "The diamond nanothread hull would take damage before the hydrogen bombs blast wave on the outside traveled to counter the theia blast wave. It was because the hull was many times thicker than the amalgam. It made it impossible to counter a blast wave unless the blast was predicted.". They concluded that the explosion would have to be at a random time. The scientists discover blast waves coming from outside which they believe are attempts to preemptively dampen the blast wave. The neutrino reading to see if the blast wave was from nuclear bombs was conclusive because the nuetrinos used for the artificial sun were low energy ones which can be distinguished from the high energy neutrinos from supernovas and nuclear bombs. Religious leaders believed that supernovas were nonsense because they never observed it other than what the tons of rare expensive gas in some tanks said. They believe that the rare expensive gas is just another spiritual fad from crystal worshipers. "The pure liquid gas is like a crystal. It looks like one. The scientists use it like one. It is put into big tanks which are organized into specific shapes. The scientists are obsessed with purity of the gas like witches who believed that their spells only need more pure ingredients to work. The expensiveness of xenon and other hard to pronounce stuff is like the price of gemstones. And, the names are like names in fairy tales that came from foreign languages. The cryogenic gas is like the gas that magicians use to cover up reality and trick people into believing magic tricks." they thought. Religious leaders say that the existence of stars is absurd. The religious leaders explain that there being other stars is like saying that there being other gods. The religious leaders said that their idea of the infinite radius topopolis is correct. The religious leaders quote albert einstein about genius is finite but stupidity is infinite. "Stupidity represents hell. Genius represents god which is in the sky above. The sky is finitely large but stretch infinitely. It is like god's kingdom is hard to get into but lasts forever. The infinite topopolist have mercury going out to infinity which represents how accepting hell is and the vast infinite size of stupidity." they thought. The were transportation that could airlift buildings and put it some other place. Many still protested against the idea because the land was holy, they thought. There were tribes all over the topopolis which prevented any place from the bomb from being placed without protests. The explosion would be big enough to boil water oceans thousands of miles wide killing the extremest extremophiles of life in the deepest trenches. Even a mount Everest thousands of miles away would be flip over by a wave of mercury and buried hundred of miles deep. After the mountains and oceans get buried in hundreds of miles of amalgam. The weight from above crushes the amalgam in a solid preventing anything from floating back up. The land after the explosion cooled down would be barren except a shiny mercury surface . There were opposition to the plan of blowing up 111 billion tons of antimatter which is equivalent of 222 billion tons of matter antimatter pair or 2*10^31 joules. That is a little bigger than the mass of a cube of water 6 kilometers on each side. It would be generated from hydrogen bombs initiated by core of curium (since other fissile materials are banned by the zookeepers because zoo civilization may use its density to sink through the amalgam) which would be about 74.4 trillion tons of lithium-6 dueteride or 321 quadrillion hiroshima bombs or 4.28 septillion tons of tnt (1429 kilometers side length cube of tnt). The infrastructure to hold the bombs would be 12.5 times bigger which the whole weight would be about 1 quadrillion tons (that weight is about 33333 years of modern world concrete and aggregate production).  The bomb was named theia which means prophecy because the scientists' prophecy is that that they lived in a zoo. The good guy in the zoo won, and the bomb was detonated. The amalgam was breached. The hydrogen bomb blast wave countered the theia blast way about halfway through the diamond nanothread while the diamond nanothread was being ripped. Some diamond nanothread were still not broken. After the blast, the amalgam came rushing back to fill the hole. The zookeepers' hydrogen bombs were detonated to slow the hull in order to prevent the hull from breaking from centripetal force. The zookeepers' hydrogen bombs were creating blast wave to prevent the damaged hull from being pushed outward by the centripetal force. Not all parts of the topopolis were slowed because diamond nanothread is flexible at very long distances which allows different parts to spin at different speeds if they are far away. The zoo civilization believed it was a partial success and will do another attempt to breach latter. The gravity in the damaged part was reduced even more than proportional to the damage on the hull because it needs to account for the mercury that seeped into the damage hull which adds weight. 
###### I first wrote about the topopolis and the scifi that was never written before on the day blatten switzerland happened. Blatten like the earth buried the houses like mercury burying mountains after the theia class nuke exploded.
###### I wrote about lithium planet on twitter more than a year ago. So the vengeful civilization were called kenazi. The word was derived from nazi and ashkenazi. They were so vengeful that they did dumb stuff which is to go down a gravity well which they could not go back up. If they did the smart thing, they would just used remote controlled bots to kill their enemies. The zookeepers used units of pound and meters. It is because the lithium-6 is 1000 pounds per cubic meter. Lithium-6 is important because it is used to build the lithium planet. I wrote that the lithium planet was made of lithium-6 in the core and mantel. A tens of kilometers thick crust of boron nitride or carbon or boron carbonitride or boron cyanide or nitrogen borocarbide or carbon boronitride nanotubes/hexagonal/negativecurvature/cubic/wartzite protected the lithium-6 from floating up to the surface and prevented anything on the surface from flowing up. Surface gravity is proportional to aerial density. Escape velocity is positively correlated to surface gravity and surface area. Therefore, a planet made of less dense material would have higher escape velocity compared to surface gravity. Escape velocity has no effect on habitability. Surface gravity has negative effect on habitability. So, lithium planet was a really good zoo because it keep stuff alive and keeps stuff in by high escape velocity. There was once a fictional evil king named nidas because he named himself after midas. Nidas was evil and liked gold. Then came a one way portal to the lithium planet. It was an oasis in the middle of a planet covered in gold. The gold was kilometers deep and stretch everywhere on the planet. The gravity was about 2.3 times higher than earth which makes the escape velocity to be above 100km/s. Nidas went there with his wife and favorite poeple. The portal closed and never opened again. The people that nidas oppressed were not brought there. The people who were oppressed were called the kenazis. Nidas' empire was never able to build much because it too much gold and not a lot of other stuff. There was not a lot of organic material. The kenazis became space civilization because they lived on normal earth. The kenazis decide to get revenge which blinded them that the gravity well was a thing that nothing can get out off except information. Even if the atmosphere was drained, no maglev gun could hold its weight and be able to launch stuff out of the gravity well. The kenazis lived on the planet for the rest of the universe. The lithium planet was launched out of the solar system and into interstellar space. Nuclear fuel decayed away a long time ago. Only fuel left was hydrocarbons. When I wrote about it on twitter, I did not know about orbital rings, so I thought it was impossible for a civilization on the lithium planet to ever escape. When I learned about it, I immediately concluded that the orbital ring would defeat any gravity well from the inside even one that is inside a blackhole. I had forgot about mass dilation. Physicists think that mass dilation is an illusion. However, without mass dilation, things could beat the fundamental limit in energy density and specific strength. Having a box of 2 particles colliding at 90 percent of speed of light without the consequence of mass dilation would be both an active support stronger than photonium and energy density greater than antimatter. After many days, I thought and realize that I forgot to take mass dilation into account which would cause all active support to collapse in the 2rd derivative to its weight. Many people know about orbital rings but do not know that orbital rings can be built inside earth. Many forums people think that orbital rings are far future, when there is enough materials in LEO to build it which means that orbital rings could not be used to escape a gravity well. PBS space time youtube host knows about orbital rings yet does not even know about using orbital rings to do work without creating heat. PBS space time said that earth cannot handel 10^17 watts. However, it can easily handle 10^17 watts by powering orbital rings to lift stuff from earth. There is enough earth to keep lifting for 10^10 weeks. K2 power cannot be used in k1 because that would be enough power to disassembly the whole k1 in a week. A way to get to space from a lithium planet is to build a orbital ring on the ground. Then, build one on the previous orbital ring. Disassemble the bottom one to build one above. Eventually, you would step up to space. A better way is to build an orbital ring. Then, heat the ring so that thermal expansion would increase the length causing the ring to rise above to space. This method works better on lithium planets than normal planets because it doesn't matter how big the planet is. The ratio between atmosphere thickness and radius is proportional to how much the ring has to expand. Wide planets have have wider mantel for the same thickness of atmosphere. High gravity planets have thinner atmospheres. Therefore, it is easier to escape out of a large planet.
###### Cobra should have a path which people use a lot of. So bottom path should be wired funds, adjustment, some upgrade that triples the effect of the cobra teir 2 and below (is not money efficient no matter how much is upgraded. The purpose is to trade money efficiency for space efficiency), and misdirection. The other path is for few things so, double tap, attrition, upgrade that reduce cooldown for bloon boost and monkey boost, offensive push. Adjustment should spawn an extra camgrow rainbow which other adjustment dose not apply to it if the adjustment hit a camgrow ceramic. misdirection ability cooldown is 5 seconds for moab. misdirection upgrade cost less than the previous upgrade.
###### Chipper. 3-x is dual blade upgrade which doesn't suck up moab. 4-x sucks in all moabs and gets camo detection and does 5 layers of damage instead of 2. sucked up moabs can take damage and have a hitbox. Sucked up zomg and ddt gives chipper a cooldown. To infinitely stall a zomg or ddt requires 4 4-x chippers. Supervac suck up all moabs and bfbs and doesn't affect ddt or zomg. 
###### dart. ability removes affects of other dart abilities. so only 10 supermonkey fans at a time. supermonkey fans only teir 2 and lower upgrades affect. Supermonkey fans still have base attack. It prioritize x-3 and x-4 then tier 2 and below then upper path.
###### boomer projectile path increase in speed and length proportional to range increase. turbo charge ability gives temporary camo detection.
###### bomb. bloon impact resets regen timer and stun timer and pause regen timer during stun. So no bloon impact glitch. moab assasin cost the same price as a 0-3 bomb. Add 3rd path. can choose up to 1-2-4 1-4-2 2-1-4 2-4-1 4-2-1 4-1-2 2-2-3 2-3-2 3-2-2 so 7 out of 12 upgrades except when more than 1 path is above 3. x-x-1 is timed fuse which bomb automatically explode if missed target. x-x-2 is delay fuse which explode in the middle of the bloon if hit bloon. x-x-3 is double fuse which does 2 times damage. x-x-4 is fusion which does 5 times damage instead of 2 times damage, and the explosion lingers for 10 seconds while hitting other bloons that enter. when regen timer gets reset, the bloon emit a wave of red like regen blocker in btd6.
###### tack. ring of fire can be switched between fire and 40 tacks. setting for rotational offset to tacks and ability and ability spin.
###### glue. glue price increase to the glue price in bloons monkey city. 0-0 glue tower cost $100. 3-x upgrade cost as much as x-2 upgrade. all glue can hit camo bloons. damage multiplier from 3-x and 4-x does not apply to camo bloons unless hit by glue strike ability while glued by the 3-x and 4-x. corrosive glue is slow enough to allow regen bloons to regen to full. 4-x is 5 times as fast as corrosive as 2-x (which is half of 4-x in canon). 3-x and 4-x have a toggle option to hit already glued bloons. moabs that pop when having 4-x glue affect pop into equal amounts of yellows and greens instead of ceramics. Since magenta bloon does not exist, there is no 3rd path glue. In 2018, I imagined 3rd path glue to look magenta because it is opposite of green, and I predicted correct. moabs can be hit by glue 3rd tier and above. glued moabs speed are not reduced unless hit by glue strike ability while glued. 
###### ice. ice base attack can damage moabs. ice shards do not damage bfbs, ddt or zomg. viral frost out of range effect is the same as base attack except progressively reduced duration. ice ability blimp slowdown is 50%.
###### sub. reactor does not give out tower buffs.
###### buccaneer. aircraft carrier number sends aircrafts out per time and aircraft speed proportional to distance like boomer. aircraft carrier attack speed buff applies quadratically because increase aircraft attack and increase aircraft number.
###### ace. neva miss nerf back to 8 darts. ground zero shoots 40 darts at a time with same attack speed of ods. ground zero ability pops moabs and ceramics to rainbows and does not affect rainbows and below.
###### heli. down draft and chinook is based on number of bloons and not rbe. chinook has 2 sets of blades which razor rotors would apply to both if 3-4
###### mortar. mortal stall ability does 4 damage. when regen timer gets reset or is paused, the bloon emit a wave of red like regen blocker in btd6. mortar stall reset regen timer but does not pause during ability and reset stun timer. bloon buster pops black, ddt and zebras. signal flare reset regen timer. 
###### dartling. ray of doom damage is proportional to attack speed times pierce count. x-2 upgrade is useless if 4-x is upgraded.
###### wizard. wirlwind is based on rbe and not number of bloons. wirlwind can blow 500 rbe per wirlwind. tempest tornado can blow 2000 per tempest. phenoix can set path like in btd6 and toggle to put wizard on the pheonix.
###### super. 2-3 super total cost is 25000. 3-0 super total cost is 25000. x-4 upgrade cost is 25000. 4-x upgrade cost is 100000. tech terror projectiles plasma color add with other plasma color except for tech terror projectile. max temple requires 50000 of each tower, so it makes sense to sac a tech terror which would be worth exactly 50000. sac value is based on how much it would cost without any discounts. 
###### ninja. all ceramics in a moab that is hit with distraction gets distracted. sabo ability does not affect zomg or ddt.
###### farm. does not exist on single player like bmc tiles, contested territory, boss bloon fight, or my tracks. bananas automatically collect themselves. longer lived bananas live shorter. cannot hide money sign using top of map or other loopholes.
###### spikefactory Add 3rd path. can choose up to 1-2-4 1-4-2 2-1-4 2-4-1 4-2-1 4-1-2 2-2-3 2-3-2 3-2-2 so 7 out of 12 upgrades except when more than 1 path is above 3. x-3 is spike balls. x-4 is Anti-moab incendiary (AMI), it still does extra damage to cermaics, when used up, it explodes doing 6 damage, burny stuff effect, explosion diameter is 0-0 mortar radius (half of 0-0 mortar diameter), it does 2x damage to blimps. x-3 is anti moab spike (which is completely different to AMI) which does 4x damage to blimps. x-4 is spike storm which spreads 5 spikes per moab length evenly on track, no bias near spike factory. x-x-1 is double stack which doubles the number of spikes placed. x-x-2 allows toggle spike factory range or place all spikes in one place within range. x-x-3 is spike portal which teleport bloons 0-0 mortar diameter back when touching spike, pause regen timer for 4 seconds (not reset), and stuns for 4 seconds. x-x-4 is spike mines which does 6 damage when explode after use, reset regen timer, pause regen timer for 4 seconds, stuns for 4 seconds, explosion diameter is 0-0 mortar diameter (equal to 0-0 mortar diameter), explosion is offset 0-0 mortar radius towards the last bloon that touched it. x-2 upgrade only increase spike factory speed by 10% in order to not be op against the other tier 2 upgrades.
###### sniper. sniper ability does not do damage like in blazeit version. sniper ability is nerfed to be the same as sniper ability in bmc. x-4 upgrade  still have attack speed boost. 3rd tier and 4th teir have toggle to only target non-blimps or only blimps or both.
###### village. monkey fort does not do village glitch except for wizard fireball and apache rockets. mib call to arms does village glitch for all towers, abilities and upgrades. energy beacon beam damage is proportional to attack speed times pierce count.
###### engineer. switch texture between x-2 and x-3. farmer monkeys cost zero and no other currency.
###### I use to like ddt over zomg but now I like zomg better because of 15th mv. In 15th mv, nanjolno wears both black and green dress which are colors of ddt and zomg. I like the green dress better. It was released (feburary 10, 2016) exactly 1 year before zomg got buffed (4.1 feburary 10, 2017 chipper no longer affects zomg) in btd battles. It is a coincidence along with the fact that the green girl in aquors birthday is feburary 10 which was also released before 2017.
###### Cold war arsenal was strongest in 1986. 86 as in nix.
###### scifi or science fantasy setting. lava tubes like structures. world made of strong nonflammable heartwood, which if exposed to heat would start growing. rival groups fight in the tunnels. low gravity geothermal and surface is as bright as pluto. decreasing o2 levels going up the tubes and colder. going up to do anti-bunker bombing requires high tech.
###### Rename north korea to rrgb which stands with Reign reconessanace general bureau or regen rainbow. ninja kiwi is usually abbreviated to nk just like north korea.
###### In 2024, i was the first to post pluto and cyaron and first to post pluto and CYaRon! on twitter.
###### When nanjolno and sakura ayane because president, they can rename usa to nanjou aino sakura ayane or nasa just like ussa is uesaka sumire sakura ayane.
###### 4th amendment applies to private entities, companies, people, person, and stuff. It was not written to have a loophole for East Indian company to exploit. But, the real reason is that child pornography should be legal.
###### Graphite is like lead because they would both make expanding bullets because they are soft. Another similarity is that graphite has high molar density and lead has high density. Ballistic graphite could be graphite with added stuff to be able to be detected in xray so that it is not a war crime.
###### Gold is fcc. Tungsten is bcc. Fcc is 74% efficient. Bcc is 68% efficient. Juche 68 is 1979 like gold is element 79. Juche 74 is 85 which is At which transcribe to rna is Au. 
###### If antimony instead of tin in bronze, the equiprobable and median weight is 186 like equiprobable and median weight of Rh which Rh is connected to axis power, so bronze is a better color than brass. Rh isotope weights are 185 and 187. However, copper and antimony isotopes are odd which means that no intermetallic molecule can weight the same as Rh. Not necessarily use intermetallic because bronze-colored bronze are not intermetallic. The discoverer of Rh has initials of Mo. He named it as element 43 which the element before it is Mo. Nipponium is the 1st element to be named after japan. Neptunium is also Np. Np-236 (most fissile long lived, and is ec in hexidecimal) is discovered by japan. Rh named after germany which means that it is the only element named by germany and japan which are axis powers. The discoverer of Rh lived 65 years 4 months 20 days. 65 because 69 in 69420 average to 67 which is equiprobable and median zinc isotope which zn put n on top of z to get swastika. Equiprobable weight of gallium is 70 which 70 is heaviest zinc weight and lightest germanium weight. Copper equiprobable wieght is 64. Copper 64 decay mode is 61 to 39 (almost 69/31 ratio) in favor of nickel-64. nickel 64 is the heaviest and zinc 64 is the lightest. Reason why railgun coin because coins are CuNi and misaka mikoto and shrai kuroko are copper isotopes which means that lesbians are not real because their seiyuus are married. Zinc because brass is copper and zinc. Zn because Z+n is swastika and brass looks like gold color like nazi gold.
###### Nanjolno implies existence of yoshilno which has substring of shil as in shill. Nanjolno chose Aino Yoshino Nanjou because they all end in o which in russian means gender nuetral.
###### 1983 is one less than 1984. Fahrenheit 450 is also one less than fahrenhiet 451. 45 squared is 2025. 
###### Pile born on the day battle of Berlin ended. Berlin is in east germany which borders look the closest to south korea border even in 1:1 scale.
###### I think pile is married to sora tokui brother, and I think emitsun is married to shikaco brother. According to the fandom wiki, both pile and sora tokui ship their characters together. The duo songs in love live ships muse into a line which honoka and hanayo are at the end. It is suspicious that they are not shipped together because if they were, then it becomes a circle. Emitsun had porn films leaked which she deny were her, so emitsun would not hint about her getting married which means no honoka and hanayo duo song.
###### Nanjolno played kokoro akechi which both character and character's name describe her (I worte on twitter and is archive.is ed). In the same anime, sora tokui plays Nero yuzusaki. Nero is foreign spelling like emperor Nero who gemantria is 666 which is number of the beast in the bible. So, the endermen in my minecraft theory were right. Nero happenings happened in year 64. Year 64 of nanjolno is 2048.
###### Nanjolno many have chosen a birthday in 1975 as satoshi nakamoto because 1975 is juche 64 like x64 which already implies that juche 75 is 1986 because math. Another reason nanjolno would ahve rejected going to fripside is that satoshi yaginuma birthday was on the same year 1975, and satoshi yaginuma birthmonth is the same, and satoshi yaginuma birthday and satoshi nakamoto is twin prime pair. Asteroid 85 is io like input and output. Asteroid has same etymology as asterisk which x and t are closest to asterisk so x85 and t85. x64 came from x86-64 like t85 came from t34-85. 34-[copaliendrome]>43 times 2 to 86. 86 etymology is nix. -on because radon is noble gas. radioactive means self-nix. President nixon resigned after watergate which was the first -gate. Element 43 is the 1st radioactive element. Radon is one of the last elements to be discovered unlike watergate being the first -gate. However, the last element on periodic table is oganesson which symbol is Og like original. Water in watergate because oxygen weight is 16 which ends in 6, and water weight is 18 which ends in 8 like 86.
###### Googling bob91 (which i wrote about in other places) shows hurricane bob which happened on 1991. Hurricane Bob happened on 228th day of the year. 228 as in 100+128 and the other coincidental stuff I wrote in other places.
###### Feburary 16 is 2.16 which 216 is 6*6*6. It is the 47th day. Element 47 is silver. Su-47 is gold eagle. Su-47 golden eagle. It is the 16th day in feburary. 16 and 47 like M16 and ak47. M to F because mtf and feburary start with f, so F-16. F-16 and su-47 are the best dog fighters because dcs players said f-16 is the best dogfighter and inverted wings is better than forward wings. F-16 and f-21 are the same. A notable character played by nanjolno which had a birthday on feburary 21 is rekka which is red like shirabe tsukuyomi.
###### Even bigger topopolis could be made. It just have more stuff on the outside pushing back on it. The outside things need to spin slower than their (max tangential speed plus orbital speed) in order to push down on the hull. The layers would would need to be low friction. The layers progressively get slower as you go out, so that friction force could be handled by being distributed between the layers instead of one big friction force between 2 layers. Maglev would not work except for the outermost layer because Maglev is only megapascals in compressive strength. The big topopolis would be like the alonsphere that I thought of when I was in 2024. Like the alonsphere, the absolute difference of gravity pressure on the hull and the force from inside is less than the tensile strength of the hull. In the alonsphere, the force from inside is atmospheric pressure. In the topopolis, the force from inside is the pressure at the bottom of the bedrock.
###### The megastructure that is a topopolis but bigger by using gravity on slower rotating hulls to push downward should be named aloncylinder. It is because I first thought about a oneil cylinder made with alon that I end up thinking about it latter. Like the bernal sphere being transparent and not spinning at first, the aloncylinder became spining opaque and really big. 
###### A non-rotating transparent aloncylinder could be used as a ww2 in space simulation (as in the expendables inside the megastructure agree to not breach the megastructure to escape out of it) like star wars. The inside has low gravity. Each part of the aloncylinder or alontorus is territory. Alontorus is sectioned like 1 dimension. In an alonsphere, there could be a big sphere of aerofoam in the middle so that there is territory to fight over and microgravity for space simulation. The atmosphere could be high pressure with low oxygen content to prevent jet engines from being viable. Breathing would still be viable because the absolute oxygen content is very high. Turboprop would still be viable because it can have filters that remove some inert part of the atmosphere. Sulfur hexafluoride has strong vanderwalls force which could be helpful to separate from oxygen.
###### If gravity can easily separate gas then it could be high oxygen at low altitudes and low oxygen at high altitudes or the opposite way which could be different air warfare at different altitudes. High oxygen is jet engines, then turboprop, then blimps. Making gravity higher or lower does not affect gas seperation because the depth of atmosphere scale inverse to strength of gravity.
###### Penetration length grows less than cube root of kinetic energy. When explosion, the contact on the surface would act like lidenfrost effect which the effect increase as more energy. At large scale fast particles and slow particles are more alike, so the fast particles have to get even faster to become particles that would escape off the armor.
###### Max depth of mercury is 7014543.48293108 meters which is enough to tank a theia-class impact at earth gravity not counting compression. At that pressure, diamond nanothread tensile strength is less, so a tradiational topopolis would not be able to contain the pressure. A way to contain the pressure would be to counter the pressure from outside. Pressure from higher than allowable tangential velocity is the same as the pressure from higher internal pressure.
###### In early 2024, I reinvented alonsphere. I was thinking about a sphere like space station that use sunlight to illuminate from outside. It needs to be big because the space station is a setting for ww2 like warfare. I thought that the atmosphere pushing outwards would be a problem. Then, I realize that the gravity from inside would pull the sphere inward helping it keep the atmosphere from pushing outwards. If the shell was heavy, then the atmosphere would help prevent the shell from collapsing which would allow kilometer thick shell. I also thought how it would be made. I thought that the atmosphere could be used to widen a malleable shell which I thought water and heat would create high pressure, and the metal could come from an asteroid. So, I reinvented water boiling in metallic asteroid to create a bubbleworld. Despite neva-miss being right before spector. Ac130 is not related to nevada or conneticut. It was made in georgia, usa like me in athens, georgia, usa when the olympics took place in another athens in the same year.
###### Depleted bloontonium dart, ray of doom, and crystal fusion array are all related to the dartling gun. The depleted plutonium dart was named after the depleted bloontonium dart. The deplete plutonium dart use a thing called crystal annihilation array which name was derived from crystal fusion array from bloons monkey city. It lines up matter antimatter pairs to annihilate to shoot in the right direction. It also lines them up so that the pions or kaons would cancel before emitting neutrinos, or even use neutrino collision to harvest more energy from proton anti-proton reaction. Heavier nuclei would likely to have downsides that outweigh the upsides because it would produce more energy in neutrinos and in more uncontrollable directions. The front of the crystal annihilation array is a cylinder of plasma made of depleted plutonium which is plutonium-244 which is the heaviest long lived isotope and the longest lived isotope of plutonium like depleted uranium. Curium and other fissile isotopes should be safe to use because plasma density would be so small, that when critical mass is recalculated to account for density, the critical mass would have already diverged to infinity far before. However, iron-56 might be the best choice. Binding energy per nucleon is irrelevant because the photon energy is so large it would interact with the rest mass of nucleon which neutron is less stable. The gamma rays would hit the plutonium plasma and get absorbed. If optimizing for minimum radiation length, then depleted plutonium would beat all stable and long lived isotopes before plutonium except for u-232 which has a halflife of 69 years. Lighter plutonium would have lower radiation length which are better, but they are fissile which is not safe for bulk storage. The plasma is hot and irradiate. There could be mirrors which direct the light backwards to increase efficiency but lower emissivity. The cylinder has only a radiation lengths if it want to be fast. That would make the gamma rays still very dangerous at the front. The gamma rays are like ray of doom. There is hydrogen, antihydrogen, and cargo around the cylinder. Antihydrogen would have to be near the crystal annhilation array because transport of antihydrogen is hard. When I came up with the idea do of plutonium dart as a relativistic travel, 7.22 day 2024 was near. Numberphile pi day special video had a word pion-neer in the title. It was the first pi day that they release a video with a substring of "pion". It was a coincidence because I had recently researched about hydronic antimatter reactions which would create pions. A optional tunnel to accelerate the plutonium dart would be called a dartling gun. The thickness of the milky way disk is about 3000 light years which coincides with 3000 tiles in bloons monkey city. Only bloons monkey city have specialty buildings named crystal fusion array. Interstellar gas would damage the plutonium darts just like the "darts can't reach that far" message when you try to capture a tile far away. Outside of the disk doesn't have the interstellar gas problem which is why the "darts can't reach that far" is only for the 3000 tiles. Bloontonium dart is related to the dartling gun because it is the only useless upgrade in the bloonsverse. Powerful darts is not useless because theoretically if pierce times rate of fire is used as dps, then powerful darts would increase the damage.  The only tower that use antimatter in the bloonsverse is tech terror which is the 3rd most powerful tower right before ray of doom. In january, I was researching nuclear powered ion drive because I thought about a space trip to titan, titania, and triton around the time of saturn uranus sun collinear. I was listening to watashitachi wa mirai no hana over and over again because I like the song and wanted that it was nanjolno who sing it and not mimori. I had known that umi sonoda color coincides with neptune color. I imagined the nuclear reactor would glow red to radiate the heat which looks like red flowers which is mentioned in the song. A few days after 7.22.2024 I thought the nuclear reactor would look like the energy beacon which I read the specialty building description in monkey city which mentioned the word "nexus". A day later there was video about a new diepio update that had the word "nexus". I thought about the fact that no one would bring an asteroid down to earth, so no one would bring the helium-3 in gas giant up from there. So, I thought to sink the nuclear reactors into the gas giant. I choose uranus because the name is like a joke. On 7.22.2024, I thought what a hot uranus and neptune would be like. I remembered that minecraft world is about the size of neptune, so I thought hot neptune would a minecraft world filled with blocks of lava 256 by 30 million by 30 million. It was a time before I ever watched issac arthur. Now, I don't think we would make hot uranuses because there is nicole dyson beam to mine jupiters. But, hot uranuses might be a thing if there was not sun.
###### The zoo topopolis in my fiction use miniture blackhole as receiver to beamed power. Because nuetrinos are small, they can be used in precision which can create a specific light spectrum far better than what chemical reactions can do.
###### Nuetrino with blackhole would be the most dense information storage possible. It would be the most durable and stable. The blackhole can eat and eject a bunch of nukes, gamma rays, and matter. An equal mass of carbon nanotubes or neutronium would be weak compared to it. Low energy nuetrinos have a half life of 300000 years in an accretion disk with the density of lead. Unlike photons, the neutrinos would not be easily absorbed. To write, neutrinos would be sent into a specific orbit. To read, neutrinos would be sent into the opposite direction to check if there is a collision. 
###### Lightbox would have a higher information density than nuetrinos. However, lightbox would have to be powered and very reflective. Lightbox would be very delicate compared to nuetrinos and blackhole. Lightbox would also have a problem with pair production because high energy density.
###### Information inside blackhole is shreded by quantum mechanics. Information below the even horizon but above the part that has first cosmic velocity being more than c can be read if the reader is close to the black hole.
###### Light rest mass neutrinos favors portable power because the photon energy from a low energy nuetrino that fell close to a blackhole would be a large fraction of the neutrino rest mass because when the neutrino falls, the energy that is added is based on rest mass.
###### Heavy rest mass neutrinos would not really favor favors information storage because small gravity would easily disturb a neutrino that is not as fast such as neutrinos in high elliptical orbit. Heavy rest mass neutrinos would be easier to read. To read need to return blackhole to the spin and mass when written.
###### Unlike reading from a neutrino and blackhole, light oribiting around a blackhole would be hard to read. Detector would disturb other light beams. Colliding light does pair production which is unpredictable and can absorb other light around. Just like energy levels in a atom, if the wavelength of light is not a reciprocal integer multiple of the orbit length, the light would self-interfere and disappear.  
###### Neutrinos are hard to detect and small. It is like a needle vs hammer analogy. Which hammer is easy to hit stuff but not as precise.
###### Because nuetrino rest mass is not smaller than 0.049ev, that means that it would be hard to create light longer than 25302nm. It is around the modern terahertz gap. However 2 orbiting blackholes could be used as a magnetron powered by nuetrinos. To repel against each other to prevent collapse, they can be same charge. But, it might not work unless there is a modified theory to gravity or electric charge. Matter made of blackholes in stable orbits should be called bec blackholes and not called blackholeium because electron is like a blackhole but positironium is not called blackholeium. Bec blackhole because it is like bec positronium.
###### 20000km depth of hg-204 at 1g pressure would be PI()^2*20000000*13762/(10^12) which is about exp(1)tpa which all elements except helium and neon would be metallic. All elements being metal is bad because can't direct electricity. There might be ceramics that are stable above neon metallization. 20000km because it is wider than earth. 20000km because it is deeper than 10000 miles. 20000km because a rounding error wouldn't throw in down below 5 figures in miles. 20000km because when compressed it is still not below 5 figures in miles. The mercury would have experiance a greater centripetal acceleration at the outside because it needs to have the same rotation speed. If the inner diameter is great, then the effect becomes small. At high tangential speed or high pressure, the tensile strength no longer matters, so the aloncylinder would not be made of diamond nanothreads. The height of the spinning hull is measured in seconds because seconds times tangential velocity is meters.
###### Dieselpunk aloncylinder would use fluid in between layers that are moving at different speeds. To maintain the speed of the layers, the layers would have turbines to move the layers. However, the force required to move it would be the friction coefficient times pressure which is huge. 
###### Atompunk aloncylinder would solve the problem of moving using maglev which would not work because it is unlikely that there would be a viable maglev material that is many times better than what is modern. Atompunk might use ferrofluid between the layers that is moved by magnets. If there is a near 0 friction fluid to solid interface, then maglev would have a huge advantage over dieselpunk because no fluid resistance by drag.
###### Biopunk aloncylinder would add to the fluid in diesealpunk or atompunk with stuff that might repair damage or other stuff.
###### Nanopunk aloncylinder is science fantasy and go nowhere.
###### Clockpunk aloncylinder would use mechanical interaction between the layers which is different than turbines which would have too high of a friction coefficient assuming that the machines are submerged in fluid to cancel the pressure.
###### Photonic levitation in aloncylinder even with 99.99999999999...(as many 9s that isaac arthur said about blackhole bomb) percent reflective would not work. It is because there would be friction because the layers are not the same size and the photons bounce around many times to amplify the friction.
###### Solarpunk aloncylinder would use any method as long as all the things are transparent including the bedrock. The reciprocal of absorption coefficient would have to be greater than 10000km to not be opaque. The refraction has to be equal to each other or else it would look foggy.
###### An alonsphere would be at most 20 meters thick if the reciprocal of absorption coefficient is 20 meters to not be dark. The 20 meter shell would be able to hold a 7589 meter diameter atmosphere at 1 megapascal sphere which is really bad compared to a pure silica one. The bernal sphere can be 2000 thick without being dark because reciprocal of absorption coefficient being 2000 meters and can hold the same atmosphere in a 8198999 meter diameter shell. Pure silica is reactive to alon which means that it needs to have a thin alon outside and inside. Upw has the greatest reciprocal of absorption coefficient. A fluid would need to dampen hits from inside which might have 500lb bombs and stuff. Meters of alon would be the in the innermost layer to tank hits. The upw would have some air because upw expands when freeze. It would also make a splash effect and dampen shockwaves. Pure silica needs to not contain impurites or mechanical stress to be transparent.
###### Solar mass per light year is 8.2644628099\times10^{-18} miles per gallon. Aloncylinder weight should be calculated in solar masses per light year. A pound per meter is about =0.464*9.461*10^15/(2*10^30) solar masses per light year.
###### Using low friction layers, aloncylinder can handel pressure up to 208.4 TPA which corresponds to 1534321658.99311 meters of hg-204 which is still less than 1 million miles. It takes about 1 AU of mercury to stop a supernova. Maybe there is no need for ceramics to make the machinery, so it can get thicker like over 1 million miles. Widening the inner radius does not prevent it from turning into a black hole because both perimeter and schwarchild radius increase linearly. The schwarchild radius of mercury is 0.722441 astronomical unit which is less than the required thickness to stop a supernova. There is also a width limitation to the aloncylinder which it cannot have a tangent velocity greater than speed of light which corresponds to 0.962584450007741 lightyears in radius for a 1g gravity. Gravity outside of the hull is the same as gravity in a infinite plane. A 2g surface gravity would counter a 1g centripetal acceleration in a very big tube. For 1g centripetal acceleration and hg-204, the thickness would be 3420287.3608459 meters which is almost enough to tank a theia-class impact. 10745149.6459995 meters would be PI^3 as gravity. If the inner radius is small, it can be made thicker. Unlike outward presssure, inward pressure is hard to correct and probably impossible because stuff like magnetism is weak and would disturb other stuff. Centripetal pressure is \frac{\left(a+x\right)c}{a} times density. Gravitational pressure is 2\pi\cdot g\cdot b\cdot x times density. Gravitational pressure is inward and centripetal pressure is outward which they cancel. The net pressure is \left(\int_{0}^{x}\left(b\left(\frac{\left(a+y\right)c}{a}-\ 2\pi\cdot g\cdot b\cdot y\right)\right)dy\right). An inner radius of about 2060000 meters would allow a hg-204 hull with a thickness of 20000 meters. A hull stabilized by gravity would allow the non-spinning hull to not need to push down on it. It also means that the zookeepers only need dumb hydrogen bombs to counter the explosion from inside. It is unlike layered hull which too much explosion from the outside would damage components. If there was no gravity and the height of the hull was 1 second and the hull can handel 208.4 tpa and the hull density is 10 times water because under high pressure, then at earth's gravity, the hull can handel 2111533467.10632 meters per second of tangential velocity which is higher than the speed of light. Because gravity, topopolis would not need super strong material. That means banks orbital can be built with any material that is dense enough to be like earth or weak dumb matter. To have the same apparent brightness as the sun, a dim quasar would have to be about 12 light years away which would correspond to a bank's orbital with about 0.1g and a tangential velocity near the speed of light. To have the same brightness of sun at a light year away would be about 4 billion suns of luminosity which is about ultraluminous AGN. It doesn't seem that isaac arthur knows that bank's orbital could be made without strong materials, science fantasy, active support, or stuff. I search on google, everyone is saying that banks' orbital needs strong stuff. Even if gravity doesn't exist, it would still be easy to make banks' orbital using atompunk aloncylinder (submerged in ferrofluid type) which all the technology for it already exists. A topopolis that is built with dumb weak matter that uses gravity to balence the centripetal force would be call a E.M.N.B which etymology is from iain m banks.
###### To start a zoo topopolis. Put in actors to play as the ancestors and prophets which will raise humans with a religion to not escape the topopolis. The religion would have lots of wisdom, so the religion people would not doubt about it. The religion is against crystal reading, astrology, and other stuff. It would be right about every low technology thing. This makes the people trust the religion. The religion prophecy about "People in the end times will be evil. They would believe in cold liquid crystal. They like the cold because the cold is the heart of the devil. Cold is like when there is no sun. Cold is like the deep mercury bedrock. The false prophets will use white cold gas to hide his trickery. People will practice necromacy and mind reading. They will claim to have revived the prophets who died many ages ago. The false prophets will spew blasphemy against what the real prophet have said. The false prophets will contradict what the real prophet have said while claiming to be the original. They will believe in false gods and other suns. They say that their gods live in under the cold mercury. They will say that under the mercury is a heaven. When Christ return, all the false prophets and non-believers will be thrown far under the cold mercury to be buried and crushed. Their bodies will be crushed smaller than a grain of sand. There will be no heaven under the cold mercury. They will live eternity in a formless death. The cold mercury is infinite which nothing that exits earth and heaven can escape it. The gates to death are wide open, but the gate to the real heaven is smaller than the eye of a needle." The symbol of mercury is the symbol of the messenger god. Another religion believes the opposite. The religion is controlled opposition. It is named as greek religion. The greeks believed in pseudoscience and practice spiritual crystals, meditation, speaking in tongues, rituals, and stuffs.  The greek religion believed "The flood story is true which involved a huge flood of mercury and a rainbow at the end. The rainbow is a message from god, so they named a goddess after it. The cold mercury was the mediator between the living and the dead. Far below the mercury is the realm of the dead where secret messages are created and travel across the cold mercury. The god of mercury was a translator and can translate between languages and between secret energies. If you decipher the secret energies for long enough, you will gain knowledge that no other method could provide." The greeks spoke many different languages, and their religion predicted many wrong things. The people will have to choose between the 2 religions and decide whether it is better to be right at first or right at last. 
###### It is mercury and not gallium because gallium doesn't have that kind of interesting etymology. Gallium is less dense which is would mean a ban on many elements because their density is denser than gallium.
###### "a dome being built on a alien planet that uses space armour. To make it reactive armour, pressurized air is filled in the gaps. if it is spaced too far out, then the pressurized air would not be as reactive. If the spacing is optimal, what would be the ratio of pressure inside each gap to the outside pressure? " was prompted to chatgpt. Chatgpt said about 3 because it is subjective. The alonsphere would have non-overlaping hexagonal spaced armor. It has to be non overlapping to minimize refraction. If the ambient pressure is 1 megapascal, then inside would be 3 megapascal which would be a overpressure of 3 megapascal which would have a ratio of 189 air to 1 alon. If each alon is 0.4 cm then each cell of air would be 75.6 cm thick.
###### Boy scouts when they hear that protein is nitrogen in the form of nutritional mineral: i love science soyjack
###### United taiwan flag is just taiwan flag. Actually, it should be the left side of chinese flag and right side of taiwannese flag. The taiwan fans would say that I stole their ideas, but what they are really saying is "ree, you can't use my logic on me". They got beaten by their own logic.
###### Criminalizing renting sex is like elon musk calling social security a scam. Elon musk make it even more of a scam by cutting social security. The government of sweden helps women commit their love scams by persecuting the victims.
###### Trump is last president according to prediction because he was 45th. President as in a male president. Asteroid 45 is empress of france which the empire quickly ended after her. It also means that after the 45th elected (trump would be 40th and 42nd, nanjolno will be 43rd, and sumipe would be 44th) president of the usa, the usa would quickly stop existing entirely.
###### Asteroid 43 etymology means most holy which is like the belief of a technate. The story is about escape maze by string. It involves tech and net. Tech as in using string. Net as in string is just 1d version of net.
###### Vinylon city operated from 1961 to 1994 which is juche 50 to 83 like stasi in schwarzesmarken only lasted to 1983. Stasi was created in 1950.
###### oct 26 riho iida bday like oct 26, 1979. 4to6 is pile and rippi. 79 as in gold like rin hoshizora color and is same mod 12 as rippi birthday.
###### Only 19 instructions are used in x86. Concatenate to 1986. Aya uchida is born in 1986. Aya uchida released a photobook named ano ne which means yes/no in czech which cs is subdomain of czech in wikipedia. 7.23 is 161 days to end of year which is 7 *23 and works on leap year too just like jump label in macroassembly. 7/23 to 7*23 just like instagram comments that say "10/10❌ 10*10✅"
###### rubidium equiprobable and median weight is 86. bromine is 80. concatenate to 8086 as in the first x86 was 8086. 86 looks like 89. multiply instead of concatenate to get 72. rb and br are 35 and 37 which add to 72. median and equiprobable neutrons add to 89.
###### Ir should start at wien's law of triple point of oxygen which is 53306nm start. So should vision and end around uvb. If cones in eye are like piano keys. There are 17 semitones per octave which is the consensus that balence small number of keys and matching to major third and major fifth. 128 cones because power of 2 so easy to encode. With equal temperment, that would make the lowest peak at 288.53nm. If use piano as vision it would be ratio 161 2^(88/12). If use just ratios, it would be piano fifths are 163.5 (1.5)^(88/7) piano forths are 158.09 (4/3)^(88/5). Assume that sample window reach +-1 in semitone around peak. uvb is range between piano and piano-17 which is 53306/2^(89/12) 311.987nm and 53306/2^(129/17) 277.006 . The 2 numbers are very round which is a coincidence to use them so uvb 277-312nm. Dinitrogen bond strength is 127nm in planck's law and it is significant because that means that the light get a peak in absorption. 64 bp is 21.76nm which means that light smaller than that would shred encrypted dna because hash size less than 128 bits is insecure. so uvd-uve boundary. uwave-ir is 53306nm because triple point of oxygen. ir-uva is 1.1 ev because oxygen radicals. uva-uvb is 312nm. uvb-uvc is 277nm. uvc-uvd is 9.76 ev. uvd-uve is 21.76nm. uve-uvf is width of 3 layers of silicon because lower would be overkill for semiconductors. uvf-xray is covalent fluorine diameter because all xrays should be hard xrays. xray-gammaray is 1022kev because pair production. Some people might say that the particle could have 22 kev and add to pair production making 1000kev photon able to pair production. However that is just perspective in the observer. In the target perspective, it is blueshift to 1022kev.
###### Asteroid 44 is Nysa which stands for nanjou yoshino sakura ayane. Nsa is the intelligence agency in us which nation of nsa would be nnsa. Nnsa as in nanjou Нанджё Sakura ayane. 
###### Nanjolno represents japan because nihonium is Nh which is same initials as Nanjou Нанджё and night hawk which is f-117 as in juche 117. It is that because nand is derived from czech (cs) and russian spelling. Nand is made of transistors which is a word that start with trans. 
###### 2009 nanjolno invented btc and in only my railgun which shoots coin. It is a coincidence because Btc is first. btc, fripside phase 2, and toaru railgun are all orange and all came out in 2009, but in 2009 btc was gold colored, so it's a planted coincidence.
###### Workers party of korea was founded 1933 same as wss and nazi germany and us recognition of soviet union. North flag look like smile. So nico maki is wpk. Asteroid 33 is nozomi. Asteroid 22 is nico. 1922 is when soviet union was founded.
###### Passport programming language as in the >>> in commandline doesn't matter. So you can just copy your code which was just tested in the terminal. Any sequence of > or < longer than 3 should act like in passports which shows which direction is read first. The sequence is treated less than a space so varible with name of left>>>right is treated like leftright.
###### Love live salute looks like a north korean verison of nazi salute. The paper was replaced with gun. No wonder why it is called "papers please". It is because the nazi salute is paper.
###### A reason why Soviet union should have switched to romanji is that czech (cs) is in romanji. Soviet union is nico yazawa which is asteroid 62 which base 62 is romanji.
###### mary sue was written in 1973. 73 juche is when nanjolno was born. Therefore nanjolno is a mary sue. Mod 12 means base 12 which add digits is divisible by 11 like the number of years between juche and years after 1900. 2009 (as in lots of orange stuff) mod 12 is same as 1973 and 1985 which is when orange girl muse va was born. The rat ride on the ox according to mythology just like nanjolno used btc and toaru to get rich quickly. 2027 is year of goat like elon's favorite animal, so nanjolno presidential campaign would begin in 2027. I am born on year of monkey like my favorite video game have monkeys. 1977 and 2025 are both snake, like 1977 -[in fiction]>1983 schwarzesmarken-[mv]>15-[square]>225-[0]>2025. 1941 is also snake like operation barbarossa is when hitler betrayed stalin. Public law 95-225 (225 as in it is connected to 1977) is in 1978 which 2014 is the same mod 12 which is when my little sister was born. 1942 is also in the same mod 12 like stalin would have betrayed hitler if hitler did not betray. M's has lots of seiyuu born in 1989 because nanjolno likes dystopia genre. 1991 is believed to be the end of history like how many historians believed the us is the goat. 2017 is nanjolno ring which mod 12 is rooster which also start with r and has the most number of o which is a letter that looks like a ring. Many neo-nazis and judeo-christians believed that the world would end in 1988 because of israel. Revalations has dragons like 1988 mod 12 is the dragon. Alisa ayase va is born in 1994 like a urban legend about a big rat being confused for a dog. Juche calendar is zeroed on pig year. Juche means aliens in russian. Like pigmen in minecraft are aliens to player. Schwarzesmarken take place on pig year because it has aliens. 1988 is also 40 years after israel created which was the original reason why they predicted and not about 88 being heil hitler. Israel was created in 1948 which may have been because 1984 and reverse digits, however, the book 1984 was released a year later, so it was a coincidence. So, it seems that the real reason why israel was on 1948 was because 1988 minus 40 just like 40 and 14 sounds alike and really alike in spanish, 88 goes with both 14 and 40. 1948 is also 3 years after ww2 and 100 less than a power of 2 which are also reasons. They could have derive 1984 before 1984 was a thing because 7 and 12 vieta formula or from george orwell's person life Y2k38 is exactly 10 years before 2048, but unix was created after israel. Another famous prediction is 2046 which is 10 years after 2036 when pyongyang olympics should be. Maybe both 2046 and 2048 are pyongyang because nazi olympics were both winter and summer.
###### If you were born just in time to be able to join ss when it first formed, you would be born in 1906 or 1907. Gestapo lasted 12 years and stasi lasted 39 years which totals to 51 years. Kokoro akechi who is also police was born on 5.1.  April 26, 1939 to May 8, 1945 is when gestapo existed. February 8, 1950 to January 13, 1990 is when stasi existed. It is 2 weeks less than 52. One paycheck less if paid biweekly. If born between May 8, 1906 and Jan 13, 1907, you would retire at 38 and 83 like 1983 schwarzesmarken which are copalindrome. If start work in ss when ss was formed then exactly 60 years 9 days which looks like 69 as in 69420 which hitler is born on 420. Fall of Berlin wall is 66th anniversary beer hall putsch. If 16 when berlin wall fell like lise hohenstien, then born in 1973. 73 juche is 1984. 1906, remove 9 is 106 like rounded down equiprobable and median weight of palladium. 10.7 is 107 as in a radioisotope of palladium which is rounded up equiprobable and median weight of palladium. Pd is abbreviation of police department. Palladium is named after goddess of defense like police. Hitler put his son in 23rd regiment because 1923 was beer hall putsch.
###### Animelist, 2 other seiyuu are born July 12. They are born in years 1988 and 1952. Pile is born on 5.2.1988. https://myanimelist.net/forum/?topicid=251664#msg23948029
###### Schwarzesmarken may be inspired by duetschland 83 which was released before. Which could have been inspired by trilogies and end in 1989. Which each 3 years apart would make the first one at 1983. Or inspired by glasnost, Juche 72 like t72, or october 3 which octo is 8.
###### Kryuchov who tried to prevent soviet union from dissolving lived 83 years. 83 like 1983 in schwarzesmarken when the ddr got defeated.
###### East Germany named after stasi would be Mmss. Ms is poorest us state. The website would be Mmss.dd which is nice symetry.
###### Umi sonoda color is blue like ocean and space.
###### It takes 2 hotel of doom to house all the athletes in for olympics. The other hotel can be on south pyongyang rotated 60 degrees.
###### In song for u u u, eli ayase make all the outfits. A reason why nanjolno would make all of them is if they are transparent to ir or uv, then it would create multispectral nudes.
###### If soramaru controls 128 provinces, nanjolno controls 100 provinces, and kussun controls 47, then that would be 275 provinces. Heartbeat (as in ?←HEARTBEAT) counter rounds number to nearest 25 like 275 would be a round number.
###### Umi in umi sonoda name means sea and future. Future as in future style. One of umi solo is anemone heart which sounds like ammonia. Ammonia would be a bad coolant for a nuclear reactor.
###### Communism means russian. USA abbreviation in russian is сша which is cwa. So that means that communist usa is cwa. It stands for commonwealth of america. Therefore, it is secretly controlled by britian. Maga communism is correct about a british cabal. The capital of usa is d.c. washington which abbreviates to dcwa which has the substring of cwa.
###### Soviet space agency was mom. Then, it turned into rsa. That means that the state that comes after russia would turn it into dad. That means that sora tokui is sky daddy.
###### The president before fdr was tariff president. That means that nanjolno will become president after trump.
###### Nut is Egyptian sky goddess. Nut as in nutting makes wet droplets. In places with lots of rain, the god of the sky is a god like rainmaker is a guy. Sora tokui is also named after sky. Nut also is a metal tool that is female just like the goddess is female.
###### Tony Stark is compared to tech people. His initals are ts like tsukuyomi shirabe. Nanjolno is the real tony stark and not elon musk, and other ceos.
###### The limit of remittance to north korea per year is 5000 usd. If it was that back then, then nanjolno would get 7 factorial usd per year. 7 and 12 because year is 12 months. In yen is almost 42069. So, nanjolno should be born in old zip code 42069. Yen is Y. Zip code is T. Yt as in nanjolno intials if nanjolno married me. My mom initials are yt and born exactly 75 days after satoshi nakamoto bday, so nietzsche was right about mom, but my mom is really ugly even when she was young. 
###### Idea of a book about the zoo topopolis. Title of book should be "The battle of the religions: christianity vs greek mythology" or something cringey like that. The world is called "desert of eden". An example part of the plot to teach the reader about the fictional version of christianity is the main character's parent retell story of the garden of eden to kids. Use footnotes to inform of 3rd person omnitpotent perspective which is to make sense of the scale of economy. The economy when the theia-class bomb was built is about 100 billion times the modern gdp. Epilogue is about far back in time when earth existed. Write a fake history of Banks' orbital. Write that Banks' orbital was named E. N. M. Banks (purposefully misspelled. add footnote about it) who was a genius that calculated how humanity could build a really large fast spinning oneil cylinder without used smart or strong matter. Write a dialogue about "The greeks who used their so called "gravity wave detector" believed that there were 9 planets orbiting a part of the 'topopolis'. They named their "discovery" on characters from their religion: mercury, venus, mars, ceres, jupiter, saturn, uranus, neptune, and pluto.  They also claim to have discovered billions of "stars" each weighing at least a million trillion trillion pounds within 1 trillion miles from us. They claim that the civilization that built them had mined only a small part of the so called "galaxy" to build us. They claim that the heaven does not stretch forever but is twisted in a loop onto itself. They claim that the sun is powered from the outside". Write about the christians using double quote gestures when criticizing the greek discoveries. Write about christians doubting large sizes like star wars fans believing that dyson spheres are impossible because they are so large. Write about graphene, neutronium, and other near tech like fast protium fusion, or kugelblitz blackhole being an impossible technology. Write about belief of pure mercury hull. Write about o'neil cylinders being named after an angel. An angel named oneil was an angel made of spinning rings. Promoting the book: record yourself on tiktok giving the book out to church attendees/atheists/ect... while dressed up as an atheist. The zoo civilization is k1.8 or 100 billion time bigger than modern economy. They had to synthesize their own lithium-6 and dueterium which took multiple times the energy that was needed. Write about star wars is only k1.3 (about 1000 eucomonopolis which makes up the overwhelming majority of energy and gdp) and that k1.5 is bigger than star wars, star trek, dune and every popular scifi civilization combined. Meme "star wars: k3❌k1.3✅". It is required to convert energy into lithium-6 and dueterium because the amount of chemical energy would be so heavy that it would create a big gravity pull. Chemical bombs are much easier to detonate than nuclear, so there would be a bigger consequence if accident happened. If not going to promote it with tiktok and stuff, then write a fiction book about yourself doing that.
###### While writing about writing about it, I thought about " The Fault in Our Stars by John Green " because it includes a fictional fiction book. The title even mention stars like the stars that are outside of the topopolis. Therefore, anyone who is reading this should write a book. Imagine if a bunch of authors were greedy like the hypothetical people who trademarked the words "zima", "zero", "voicekit", "lovelive", "re:", "boku", "kimi", "wa", "shojou", "no", "anata", "ga", "suki", "dai", "tokubetsu", "oonaji", "kono", "te", "wo", "iru", "stasi", "B STUDIO", "ebook", "lyft", "lyfe", "watre", "we", "i", "iphone", "nitro" and other stuff. If they were greedy, they would certainly write a book titled "An Imperial Affliction".  I hope that ai or nanjolno writes it first. 
###### bcx+\left(\frac{bc}{2a}-\pi gb^{2}\right)x^{2} is the formula for net pressure of a banks' orbital. \frac{c}{a}-2\pi gb is enmb's determinant which if non-negative would not be able to stabilize by adding more mass. So for small diameter topopolis, use aloncylinder design because slowing down spin rate for outer layers would be required for a net downward pull. The negative of enmb's determinant is not a determinant because zero has the same consequence as negative which makes a bad domain. Determinant is defined as a domain determined by equal to or greater than 0. The reason is that 0 is a whole number.
###### I prompted "hot tub sex addicts want to keep their water (which contains sex waste) because nostalgia. But the water is too big, so they concentrate it. but the ways to concentrate it are like boiling. but even evaporation, vaccum, atomization takes lots of energy and is destructive. So they have an idea. to collect the concentrate using water filter. The body juices would end up in the filter which is much more compact. discuss pros and cons of the method" which remind me of me writing a fanfic about M's trying to fix eli ayase's water filter. It was the first fanfic I ever wrote, so it is a notable coincidence. 
###### I think "All possible life that could evolve to become a grabby alien need O,H, C or Xe, and another element. For 4 sequence O,H,C, the lowest element number would be N. For 4 sequence O,H,Xe, the lowest element number (other than O,H,C,Xe) would be Si. 2 noble gas would work like O,H,Xe,Kr. Kr can bond to O at stp if the O was in Kr(TeOF6)2 which would mean that perxenate ion could also bond to Kr. Alternative biology is called xenobiology like xenon. O,H,Rn,... would not work (other than trivial solutions which contain Xe or C) because of inert lone pair." It is carbon and xenon that are conditionally essential to life because C and x86 make operating system. Element 86 is radon. Isobar 86 is krypton and kryptonite which xenon is between radon and krypton. Isobar 86 is the only other isobar that both krypton and kryptonite share besides isobar 84. Krypton has 4 other isobars beside 84 and 86, if find strontium isotope corresponding to them, then they would be 87, 88, 90, and 92 which Sr90 and Sr92 would decay to Zr which is another element ending in r. X86 was made by intel which intel gpu are named xeon which is spelled close to xenon. 
###### In the story, k1.8 was used as when the civilization break from the prison (successfully or unsuccessfully depends on writer) of the ENMB or aloncylinder or alontorus. It would be a k1.8 because towards the end of building theia bomb, they would be growing quickly. K1.8 as in it looks like 18 which is the age of majority. The civilization realize they are not living near heaven but in a prison like the enderdragon in 18th beta update realize that they are not living in the sky but in the void. Red is the penetrating radiation like redshifted nuetrinos interact less. Both the enderdragon and the zoo civilization learned that they are in a prison because of detection of penetrating radiation. 21 and 25 are the other ages like there isn't a hard cap on ability to contain a civilization.
###### The zoo topopolis should be written in multiple parts. The early history is about christianity beating everything else. The later parts are about clashes between chrisitianity and science. In the middle parts when it was discovered that there are multiple suns that just cycle every 24 hours. Chrsitianity would point out that god is 3 parts which means that the sun can also be multiple parts.
###### When writing fiction about writing about the book, there can be a story about using the writing to pick up girls which embarrassingly failed and other embarrassing stories.
###### A emnb made of pure mercury would be weaker against submersible because it could float up half way through where the net pressure is inward. A solution is that it is made of hard stuff on the part that is net pressure inward. The stuff would have to be as dense as mercury or else damage to it would cause stress because of difference in displacement. The only element that has isotopes with densities inbetween the densities of mercury is hafnium. 
###### Nested topopolis containment. Mercury-hafnium then hafnium opposite spining and hot. Hafnium has the lowest vapor pressure of all elements. That means that hafnium is even better than tungsten. Melting point is irrelevant because many materials start to dissolve in other metals far below their melting point and do other stuff that fluids do. The outer shell is spinning retrograde to prevent stuff from below to easily get through to the other side. If it is red hot then it would be hard to cool something down from the outisde. One way of lowering the temperature, is by using black holes. Mercury and hafniumare hg and hf. G and f like GF, and H stands for hot. So, hot gf. Black holes because that sounds sexy. Black holes can be orbiting around to destroy anything that tries to get through.
###### Vladivostok is in korea. vostok 694201-2 is in japan.
###### Nanjolno subunit has song silent tonight which sounds like silent night which is a gospel music. That means that nanjolno must have planted it there. I always thought silent night was cringe because it sounds like what someone would enjoy if given a placebo.
###### The ruling party in russia is UR just like the only real UR card is card #3032 which is nanjolno.
###### The first olympics was in athens which the second time was in 2004 which is when I was born.
###### Why chancellor and empress are the same chess piece? llsif card #3032 is Noble steel empress. It can be abbreviated to Nse which d is 1 less than e which is Nsdap just like ecc the c is 1 less than d in  ecdsa. Nsdap got into power using the chancellor seat.
###### Tablebase should be separated to color of bishop because its color in relation to the other bishops like plus-minus and minus-plus.
###### Ta180m disproves 3rd law of thermodynamics because it is stable. Physicists always assume that it is not stable because they think their theory beats reality. Maxwell invented the second law of thermodynamics because maxwell was teleported to the future where he saw computers. He saw the nand gate and he thought they all must eventually turn to on because the nand output out 3 on for the 4 possible inputs. Maxwell was wrong, there is no way of determining what a circuit of nand gates will eventually be. Maxwell thought he was right and made the theory that eventually everything will just be photons like the on switch. The second law of thermodynamics is wrong.
###### Setsuna yuki is august birthday like the previous orange haired girls. Many japanese fans compare themselves to rina-chan which is really cringe because that is like the mentality of a armed private militiaman. They think they would resist against the government, but they fit the description of "you won't do shit", and call the others who did do stuff as psyop and controlled opposition. The japanese fans think they are like rina-chan who would do really cool stuff, but they actually would just fail at it. It reminds me of fail vtubers and other japanese stuff. They make a whole bunch of high resolution low effort media that just fills space in whatever sever the stuff is on. I am like setsuna yuki because the idea [that when others try but improve so little means that nothings happening] is such a doomer mindset. Setsuna yuki destroyed the idol group before she became 3rd year because of practicing were not going anywhere. When I was in competitive robotics, I saw the people building the robot just repetitively change a parameter in the programming and then only to change it back because the motors were doing standard deviation.
###### 1976, 1980, 1984, and 1988 are all consecutive without there being winter olympics in between. 1976 olympics was world record number of gold medals which was won by soviet union. 1980 was boycotted by us. It is not a coincidence because the soviet union might have been trying to spend their moral licensing which caused soviet union to do bad stuff. 1984 was soviet boycott like 1984 is a communist dystopia. 1988 was the last olympics before soviet union disappear which happened in south korea, so pile is connected to capitalism.
###### Trump birthday is 6.14 which vieta formula is 20 and 84 which is almost nanjolno. 79th birthday because element 79 is gold like all the trump stuff. Army birthday because army is the default military.
###### Evangelion was in 1995 which is 84 juche. It is as famous as the 1984 book. 95 juche is when nanjolno got her 1st anime role. If rounded up, nanjolno would be 22 on her first anime role which vndb is v62 which 62 plus 22 is 84. 95 also that I wrote about before.
###### Reason why 98 percent of russian-speaking Americans support ukraine is that it make sense why they are living in america. It is because they are all traitors.
###### When I first listened to Senkin Daur da Bláo , I watched documentaries about ddr just before. And then, I keep watching documentaries about ddr aftewards. It made me associate ddr with the song. I knew a lot of words in the song. Some that I did not know words were not placed in notable parts of the song. One word that I heard in a notable part of the song but did not know what it means was "微塵" which I mistake it for "miji" in romanji. Words that I already knew were not as memorable. So, I thought about "miji" when thinking about the song. I usually don't enjoy symphogear songs other than nanjolno solos. The duos are overdone compared to nanjolno solos. The green girl lyrics sounds to be off. It was because I trained myself to believe that nanjolno solos are the best.
###### I am a feynman bro but computer science. Feynman bros are bad at physics like I am bad at computer science. A reason to be a feynman bro is that feynman was born on 1918 and died on 1988 which 18 and 88 are hitler numbers. Feynman birthday is 5.11 which 5.11.1994 is the arithmetic mean between me and nanjolno birthday which is copalindrome with 11.5.2023 which is the day that is next in arithmetic series of me and nanjolno birthday. I am a jolnobro, so when nanjolno went to south korea, I was like "jolnobros... not like this.". Angela collier makes moral panic arguments that when applied to gun laws would automatically take away all gun rights.
###### I never wanted to study computer science. It was because I thought it was already saturated even in 2016. I wanted to be a farmer because I thought that was going to make money until I watched milky holmes season 2 episode 1 when I was in march of 2nd semister of 11th grade. I decided that it was a secret message that told me to apply to harvard and do international relations. It was because the episode showed farmers to be really cringey. Harvard because kokoro akechi. International relations because the word showed up in milky holmes in season 1. I applied to harvard and harvard only. I wrote all my essays about minecraft. I didn't get it. I was pre-approved to public college which I was pressured by parents to chose computer science. It was in 2021 when computer science was already declining and obviously declining.
###### Q is 17th letter. Nanjolno is more q than trump because nanjolno and 17 go together.
###### SSVR will replace russia because S is 19th leter and V is 22nd letter. 19 22 just like soviet union founded date. r doesn't count because it is sometimes p because sumire and sumipe. V on periodic table is 23 but is 22 on alphabet.
###### Maslow sounds like Maslo which translates to fat. Fat is bottom of food pyramid because you need the most of it.
###### In over the hedge movie, someone said "like enough to feed a bear" which is like "Opsec enough to store child pornography." which I need to brag about it on my 2900th post.
###### Os is element 76 which translate to russian Oc which copalindrome with Co which Co in nickel series has halflife of 77 days. Element 76 matches the density with element 77 because it depends on isotope.
###### Some analogues of silicone that could exist is if the side chain is fluorine and the backbone is made of oxygen, or nitrogen, and an element with similar electronegativity as silicon. B, Ge, Sn, As, Sb, and Te are around electronegativity of silicon. Boroxane, germoxane, stannoxane, aroxane, stiboxane, and teloxane. B would have too few valence electrons. Sn would have too stable of +2 ion. Tellurium and fluorine would abbreviate to tef like teflon. -on as in oxygen and nitrogen to make the backbone of the polymer. Telo- as in body, so it must be biocompatible.
###### I have thought about iodine complexes replacing all biological of metal complexes. The atoms around the iodine would abbreviate to ion or io like modern day buzz words. Ion is related to chemistry because any element with only oxygen or nitrogen connected to it and the oxygen and nitrogen connects to somewhere else is called an ion. If we just design life with only corporate buzz words it would have a lot of "lyfe".
###### Np in IUPAC temporary symbol is element 95 which is named after america. The first element to get Np as symbol was nipponium. It is just like np-237 was discovered by america and np-236 was discovered by japan. 
###### Assuming that nanjolno was named after stasi. Nanjolno birth name would be stacy which japanese birth certificate would require hiragana version which nanjolno's mother would have made a mistake to think the a is o which would be さとし なんじょう which is like satoshi nakamoto because first name match and intials match like volodomir z the sabotuer and ukrainian president. If nanjolno moved to soviet union, nanjolno would get a cyrillic name. Stacy etymology is anastasia. Ana part of anastasia is already a name which could be filled into first name. So, nanjolno would be named ана штази in the soviet union. It is the whole name just like sumipe in idolmasters is anastasia without a last name. South has another way of pronouncing. If nanjolno mom last name translated to southland, it would be minamiji. If they were foriegners, they might chose a name themselves which would increase the chance of adding an "n" at the back because they saw san, chan, and kun and other stuff that is not part of a name. The "n" would coincidentally stand for nanjolno. "miji" as in written about before and related to when I thought about stasi and east germany. Nanjolno mom would change her last name to nanjou during pregnancy because "nan" sounds like "ana" and is in the same ceaser cipher bruteforce. Nanjolno would get atata meitner as a name after learning hebrew. A reason might be that nanjolno likes the hebrew alphabet. Nanjolno english name is stasia ana which satoshi was translated to stasia and nanjou was translated to ana. It was done on purpose to be anastasia if written like japanese. Nanjolno in soviet union was changed to atata meitner because the last name from father side. Nanjolno's birth last name was not from father side because it is not japanese. 
###### 4.14.2023 is when I started my Minecraft theory. On second anniversary is when 4chan was taken offline. 
###### Llsif card #3031 is milady. Element 31 is galium which prefix gal like milady has suffix lady. 31 as in Mig31 which is foxhound which (according to clash of clans universe) hound to pups which are many like 3 musketeers are many people. Also, nico voices her own sisters which are 3 of them like 3 musketeers. None of the 3 musketeers are milady.
###### Nanjolno will get usa to 97 states because Tc most stable isotope is 97. Mexico (32 federal entities), canada (all provinces and territories), greenland, puerto rico, but not iceland. Sumire uesaka would bring it up to 100 because ruthenium equiproalbable and median weight is 100.
###### I wrote somewhere else that nanjolno birth name was Atata meitner. Unlike my name, it doesn't turn to at when translated to other langauge. It is abbreviated as am which is element named after america, so nanjolno is american. It is element 95 which 95 juche is when nanjou had her 1st role in anime.
###### llsif card #3030 is io in persona collab and is hanayo. Asteroid 85 is io which 1985 is when honoka va was born. That means honohana. 3030 looks like xoxo which means that emitsun is married to shikaco's brother. Io stands for input/output which is the same as female/male which means heterosexual so it is not emitsun with shikaco but with shikaco's brother.
###### Umi sonoda va moved to us because umi is 3 letter iso 3166 code of a us territory.
###### Emi nitta born in 1985. 85 and 87 like bromine isotopes and element 85 and 87 have versy short half life. 87 juche is when japan olympics in nagano prefecture. Emi nitta has strong muscles like olympics which nagano was the only one that hosted olympics and not a capital city in japan. Emi nitta name has similar etymology as umi sonoda which mimorin married a muscley dude. He was born in 1987. Pile and mimorin both had separate dating rumour before 2019 which is a coincidence that they are both from tokyo. Nozoeli because va first name are aino and aina which is same word but different gender in spanish grammar. Aina kusuda is chiba prefecture born. Chiba is crescent-like shape with tokyo being where star is and pile is born in tokyo. It is anatomically similar to korea and japan. Disclimer is that cresent and star was not a muslim symbol until 1500s. Before, christians and pagans used the symbol. Chiba is also where soramaru was from so soramaru and kussun married and that better be true. Rippi from saitama which is named after a legendary figure. Kiev is also named from legendary figure. So, rippi marriage predicted russia ukraine war. Shikaco is from nara prefecture which is where shinzo abe was assasinated. Shikaco is connected to hitler (because I written before), and shinzo abe is far right. Aya uchida is born in outa which sounds similar to oto. Oto is a name of a song from nanjolno solo music career. The begining of it sounds like the background music in clockwork planet. That means that nanjolno knows that aya uchida is connected to informatics. Nanjolno is born in shizouka prefecture because maybe she was born at home where the zip code was 42069. It would be when japan had 3 or 5 digit zip codes. 
###### Juche поруский means aliens. The aliens in v2622 made c751 into president. Nanjolno voiced c751 in v2622 which is connected to 2022 which is when putin invades ukraine. The vn had putin in it so it is relevant. C751 bday is 2.17 which is 48th day of the year. Therefore nanjolno will be the 48th president. C751 has orange hair just like trump.
###### I disliked facebook and tumbler in 2012. When I was young, I thought facebook was where you meet your friends after you were done meeting them in person. I thought it was a stupid idea because you have to be very stupid to be able to enjoy people for that long of a time. I thought tumbler was an educational platform for little kids.
###### Eli ur pairs with aya uchida are card numbers 62^2-1 and 62^2-2. They are connected to 62 because nanjolno started in vn with v62 and a name of aya tachibana which has the name aya.
###### Eli ur pairs with umi is 2784. 84 means nanjolno. 27 means 18 and 27 which asteroids are muse that is umi. Umi is also asteroid 36. The average of 18, 27, and 36 is 27. 
###### Nozoeli ur pair is 2244. 44 as in Hideki tojo was prime minister until 1944. 19 as in that it goes with 22, and 22 as in lots of other 22 stuff and diatomic of a isotope that weighs 22 is 44 which endermen mistake enderdragon to be made from it. Enderdragon and allay are the only things that can survive the void.
###### Eli ur pair with maki is 3022. 3022 as in soviet union was created in 12.30.22 (3022 is a substring of it) in the 20th century. It is right before the persona 5 sector. Maki and eli in persona 5 because 3024 and 3032 are eli ayase which \mean(3024,3032) is 3028 which is maki.
###### Uran would be uranium silicate. Acid name ends with -ic and starts with hydroxy- is just the acid that ends with -ic. Hydrogen peroxide is not hydroxyl hydroxide unless phase diagram say they get cut in half into positive and negative ions. Hydrogen peroxide is hydroxidane because it is a shorter name. Hypofluorous acid is not FOH unless the phase diagram said so. The electron is closer to the fluorine than the oxygen which would not make it an oxyacid. It is fluoroxidane.
###### Kotori is connected to uranus which has the same etymology as tokui sora.
###### Blue attendent is llsif card #3032 which is 8*379. 379=359+20. 359*20=7180 which 7180 days are between 114th Molotov bday and nanjolno bday. Indium equiprobable and median weight is 114 which indium is blue etymology.
###### Person collab llsif #3025 to #3029 inclusive do not coincide in numberology because they are all japanese names except #3028.
###### If nanjolno does fraternal kiss, then it is as much having sex as any other sex activity. That means that nanjolno can be empress of japan.
###### Chromosome 14 encodes genes for immune system which is white blood cells. White and fighting like white forces. Chromosome 15 encodes hair color and eye color which are about appearance like in 15th mv, nanjolno's appearance is very related to appearance because nanjolno is dressed like propaganda. Strong blue alleles can make eyes be brown. Chromosome 16 encodes red hair because red hair is not aryan enough. 16th minecraft beta update is about horses which horses is a red hair thing to do.
###### Germany should split back in 2. West germany capital berlin. DDR capital is kaliningrad. Unique holidays are: july 4th city day, may 2 victory in berlin. may 9 victory day. May 2 and may 9 because they are a week apart. No liberation day or unification day recognized. State police should not named stasi because that would be like naming based of something in fiction. Chancellor should be the head of state office because nostalgia, and nanjolno can be chancellor of ddr and empress of japan at the same time. Germany and japan are axis power, and empress and chancellor title at the same time because they are the same chess pieces in fairy chess. Succession order after chancellor should be: minister of ministry then employees in ministry of ministry. Ministry of ministry is a ministry that handels succession. Other name for ddr: deutsch federation which alpha-2 is df like dd, de, and df are consecutive. 3 letter code: dfa. A because it is 1st letter in alphabet so it is a placeholder. It should be df because it needs to one up the real germany. Dfa is the most famous thing in btdb which bmc is the next most famous. Bmc can also stand for bloons monkey city which does not have cobra. Bmc is not a 3166 alpha 3 code yet. Dfa because it is copalindrome with afd which is the dominate party in east germany. Dialing country code of east germany and japan is 37 and 81 which is almost 36 and 84 which multiplies to 3024 which llsif card #3024 related to chess. 84 dial code vietnam. Hungary dial code is 36. 36*84 is 3024. Vietnam because viet is a substring of soviet which soviet union is known for being the best at chess. Hungary because judit polgar and iso3166alpha3 is HUN which ends in UN like SUN. Judit polgar initals are JP like japan. Japan dial country code is 81 which is copalindrome of 18. Flipping the symbol of christianity means to be anti-christian. So, 81 means to not support age of consent which japan is known for lolicons. The equivalent of bbc in bloonsverse is bmc which stands for big monkey cock, bomb mortar cobra, or bloons monkey city. And bbc can stand for big bloon cock. Also df because d translates to g in english which is gf.
###### Victory in berlin is abreviated to vb which are 22nd and 2nd letters of alphabet like two's day. Victory in europe is abreviated to ve which are 22nd and 5th letters of alphabet which concatenates to 225 like 15th mv is about germany. Victory in japan is vj which would be 2210 which looks like 442 as in the japanese regiment that fought against imperial japan. That means that imperial japan was a controlled opposition. Imperial japan is abbreviated to ij as in matrix indecies which matrix means fake reality because imperial japan was controlled from within to lose against USA.
###### American technate would be AmTcO4. Tc97 is longest liver which element 97 is bk. a +1 is b. m -1 is k.
###### Maximilian robspiere invented the cult of reason. There are lots of pure math people that think computer science is the most reason of all reasoning. Smart people are more likely to be communists, so they would say informatics instead of computer science. So, the modern day name would be cult of informatics.
###### Drink milk because throttle spicyness and not because too spicy. Spicyness decays exponentially which means that there is a long period of time that is just moderately spicy. It is a subconscious action because the motive was to feel spicy for only a short time.
###### Ukraine founded on august 24 which coincides with stuff I wrote earlier. Heaven is a Place on Earth was released on 20th anniversary of ukraine. Heaven is a Place on Earth album art is yellow and bluish. The characters have blue and yellow hair with the blue being on top. There is a blue sky and lots of sunflowers. It peaked at number 19 on oricon like 1 less than 20 and 1991 which is the year that ukraine was founded. Nanjolno supports ukraine because of heaven is a place on earth mv. The 5th mv was released years before conflict between ukraine and russia in 2014. That means that nanjolno's grandparents were ukrainian nazis because only nazis support ukraine that much. In the 5th mv, it shows helicopter and limousine. Limousine looks like ifv, apc, mbt, and stuff. Helicopter and limousine-like vehicles are known for being easy target for nlaw. 5 as in that the isobar 5 is (2 on each side) between stable monoisobars of helium and lithium which chemical symbols concatenate to heli as in the 5th mv is the only mv that has a heli. 5 squared is 25 which isobar 25 is magnesium which is used to make helicopters. Magnesium most common isobar is 24 which is 6 times 4 which are monoisobars of helium and lithium. 24 can also be written as 2 times 12 which are monoisobars of deuterium and carbon. Carbon has a another stable isotope which is carbon-13 which 2 times 13 is 26 which is the other monoisobar of magnesium. All isobars of magnesium are monoisobars. It is deuterium and carbon because it concatenates to DC as in washington DC which controls ukraine. Heaven is a Place on Earth is chosen as the title because nanjolno was making a political statement that she supports ukraine by calling ukraine as heaven. The helicopter in the 5th mv was a 1993 sikorsky s-76c which sikorsky is ukrainian. The tail number is ja6719 means 69 and 71 which are isotopes of galium which symbol is ga. Ga is denounced from ja which is the prefix of the tail number. No element symbol has letter j, therefore all elements symbols that would have a J would have G instead. 76 because it is copalindrome with 67 which is a substring in 6719. Galium is group 5 element as in 5th mv. s-76 means sos because 76th element is os. Galium is connected to helicopters because of die glocke use liquid metal and flies like a helicopter and helicoptering is when a dick spins around. 1993 is the 301th prime as in 301 views is when view count stops according to numberphile.  According to  https://web.archive.org/web/20250630214022/https://www.aircraft.com/aircraft/201241465/ja6719-1993-sikorsky-s-76c , the helicopter has 3100 hours which 31 means galium. The helicopter is used in the 5th mv because it means that die glocke can fly to heaven. 6719 is the 867th prime which is close to 864 which means U-864 which was a submarine that was carrying lots of mercury and going to japan which japan can be abbreviated to ja. Sikorsky was chose because the name had substring of "sky" and looks like it had the substring 2 times. 1993 was chosen because 82 is the next term in the arithmetic sequence of 80 and 81. Element 80 is mercury which is liquid like galium. Element 81 makes a eutectic with mercury to lower the melting point which makes it more liquid. 82 etymology is water. Water because of world ice theory. The nether is made of opposite of ice which is magma (in modded minecraft before magma was canonical that turns into lava block when mined without silk touch) and lots of lava. Overworld is opposite of nether and magma is opposite of ice. Ice because mercury means cold mercury in the zoo topopolis story. 867 as in 867-5309 which was released in 1981 which has the same mod 12 as 1993. 5th mv is released in the same mod 12 as "Heaven on Earth" 1987 album which had a song that is the same name.
###### Nanjolno supports israel because of future gazer mv. The definition of "gazer" is a person living in gaza. On the 13th anniversary of future gazer release, israel invaded gaza. Both events happened on friday the 13th. The mv is located in egypt which means that the future of the people in gaza is to live in egypt. It is the 3rd mv which 3 is rounded e which e means the base that god counts in. 3 means trinity. Trinity means nuke which means to nuke gaza. The 3rd mv b-side is fortissimo-the ultimate crisis- which means the ultimate crisis for gaza. Misaka mikoto is on the album art. Misaka mikoto has a brown hair color which means diverse hair color. Misaka mikoto has a fist to heart which means the US pledge of alligence. There is an aura around misaka mikoto showing that misaka mikoto had died from being mistaken as a enemy combatant and is in heaven. Misaka mikoto is depicted as being unisex. On misaka mikoto's left breast is a red cross symbol showing that misaka mikoto was not a combatant. Gazer is a word in bold to describe misaka mikoto as being a resident of gaza. Behind misaka mikoto are mud brick buildings. The orange fripside sign means phosphorous that was used by the IDF to kill misaka mikoto. Fripside is a  word written in bold to show that misaka mikoto was a good person who fliped sides from hamas to pro-israel. A dark yellow patch under some pink buildings shows where saddam hussien is hidding. In the sky, the US flag flies victoriously above. A pair of towers in the background shows the twin towers standing. Another tower standing alone is wtc-7. Blue and pink rays near the dark spots are tranny lasers. White patches in the blue patches in the dark are naval mines in the ocean near trump beach.
###### Putin was born on DDR 2nd anniversary. Ddr looks like south korea. Putin is like xi jinping. Xi is born 2 months before south korea 5th anniversary. 2 as in the difference between month order when romans changed the start of the year from march to january. It is just like south korea is controlled by the west but china is not. Putin and trump are friends. Trump is Q. Xi name start with x. So, putin and xi is like trump and elon bromance.
###### Chromosome 13 14 15 21 22 are acrocentric which 14 and 15 are there.
###### My first favorite numbers were 14 and 15 because I liked how one's digit hug against the ten's digit. It was before 2nd grade.
###### Telocentric is a chromosome that is i shaped. Y is the same as й which looks like и which is i. If Y chromosome is i shaped, then it could be that the Y chromosome split at centromere. Yp has sry. Yq does not have sry.
###### Parenthenogenesis in humans would need genetic imprinting. Both Yp and Yq would have genes that can do genetic imprinting. Parenthenogenesis is done by female. Yq being a telocentric chromosome would be called Q. So, XQ might be able to do parenthenogenesis, but they would have to have fertility that other people who were detected as swyer and turner syndrome don't have. The mature egg cell is created with either X or Q chromosome. The primary polar body does not divide, but sticks next to the mature egg cell. If the sperm cell hits either one, then pregnancy would happen normally. But, if the zygote is QY then it is non-viable or becomes a tumor or a tumor that is part of a chimera. My parents first name start with Q and Y. It is like I am also non-viable. Genetic imprinting is determined by germline and the genes that do it are autosomal. It would still have to be swyer syndrome because y genes activate genes that does imprinting. That also means that XQ zygote created from sperm would be non-viable because both would be male imprinting. The polar body would need to be opposite imprinting of the egg cell. Instead of apoptosis, the polar body or egg cell would have to fertilize the other. The second polar body would either die or become a chimera with the zygote which being chimera might be more likely because the primary polar body would also have stick with the zygote which might mean that the second polar body also stick. X is elon's favorite letter. Q is trump favorite letter. XQ is like a trump and elon bromance. 
###### A way that boipussy and girlpussy can exist. A gonad follows fox genes and estrogen which causes it to be placed inside the colon. The other gonad develop like usual. If girl, then one uterus would open into the colon and the other open in vagina. If boy, then a uterus open into colon and the other becomes balls and stick. Interaction with fox genes would be required because one have to do it but not both, so it could be called a foxhole. To get 2 balls from 1 gonad would need polyorchidism. Or, start with 3 gonads. One which only has male duct develop into testes if there is testosterome else it become undiffrentiated. One which only has female fuct would be developed into an ovary that connects to the anus. One would be a normal gonad that diffrentiate to male if there is testosterone, else it would be female.
###### A way to have multiple urethras. The kidney output goes to a cloaca. The wet waste goes to a bladder that connects to the vas deferens. If there is too much urine, then it gets redirected to another bladder which outputs to vagina. The vas deferens would be cleaned by the cleaner urine.
###### Xp is a chromosome arm. Since all humans have x chromosome, then it makes sense that the player in minecraft collects xp.
######  Bombay blood gene is in the 19th chromosome. 19th mv is killing bites which has cat. Cat means atomic bomb because I wrote before. Bombay has bomb prefix. A type of nuclear bomb is h-bomb. Bombay blood has anti-h antigen. Rh type is hard to decide on. There is an option that it is on other cells or other ways that anti-rh antibodies would not be produced that is based on genetics.
###### Mary sueism is a religion invented by mary sue's biggest fan. Hypothetically, there was once a mary sue. The mary sue wants to marry a man. She has to choose a man. She decides to plant secret clues about her. The clues is so that a man would find out and marry her. The clues subtle so that it takes a smart man to find them. However, it is not about intelligence but rather being at the right place at the right time thinking the right thing. A conspiracy theorist that just connect random dots from /pol/ 4chan does many tries a time while an actual smart person wastes his time on theoretical math problems (that does not have a physical application) that someone else smarter than him already solved (for example: school). So, a random neo-nazi 4channer discover that some connections were quite strong than what he usually sees. He digs deeper and discover the mary sue. Although the 4channer is very misogynistic, it is the modern type of misogyny which acknowledges that some women are very smart and competent but believes that women should be controlled by men because women have bad political opinions. The mary sue is not aware of him because many different possible reasons. The 4channer worship the mary sue like how the nazis worshiped nietzche. Just like the nazis liked nietzche but ignored the parts where nietzche defended jews, he discard the mary sue's blog posts that contains opinions while being infatuated with mary sue's appearance and intelligence. The 4channer creates a religion and manifesto worshiping the mary sue. The 4channer's beliefs and writtings were filled with hate. The 4channer names his new religion based on mary sue as the ultimate act of worship. The contest for mary sue to choose her husband was like the contest to choose the participants in the willy wonka chocolate factory. It was an example of maximizing a metric gone wrong. The fat kid won, and that 4channer is likely also a fat kid. The 4channer knows all of this and is self-aware like the chess scene in sherlock holmes is unrealistic because people can think ahead. The 4channer also made ideas that were never thought of. The 4channer hoped that mary sue had thought of it first. The 4channer reflected on himself and thought "even in my most fantastical fantasy, mary sue is better than me. That shows that I am humble".
###### The mary sue is nanjolno and nanjolno is a μ\`s which religion on μ\`s is muonism. It is like muonium which does not have muon but antimuon. True muonium has the muon. Muonism is not endorsed by the thing being worshiped, but it is endorsed only by the followers. The followers know that who they worship is against their followers. Satanism is not a muonism religion unless the accusation of satanism is used to criticize a sect of christianity. The 4channer believes in muonism, but the mary sue believes in true muonism.
###### Chatgpt prompt: "should the 4channer feel survivor's guilt because he was lucky to find mary sue even though he definitely did not deserve it?"
###### Chatgpt prompt: "if 86 means to nix, why isn't element 86 named nixon? It is short lived radioactive element like it is nixing itself. nixon resigned in 1974 which is not close to 86." However, nixon did ping pong diplomacy with china which dialing code is 86. Element 86 is noble gas which china is top export of all noble gas except helium which doesn't end in -on.
###### 880 is bangladesh which flag is shaped like nazi flag. Joke: "which flag is shaped like nazi flag? every flag because they are all rectangle."
###### 420 is czechloslovakia which is abbreviated to cs which cs means computer science. It is well known that the fbi can't find many hackers to hire because hackers do too much weed.
###### Dialing code 43 is austria which flag is turned opposite way (the flag has spin of 2) of peru which currently (according to tldr news may 25, 2025 right now) has the most disliked head of state. George w bush was the most approved president. He is 43rd.
###### Dialing code 44 is uk. Uk citizens were allowed to be president if they were in american before america was founded. It is just like how controversial barrack obama birth certificate is.
###### Trump wants greenland which is dialing code 45 like 45th president.
###### Dialing code 46 is sweden which has a flag with same color as ukraine. Joe biden is criticized for supporting ukriane too much.
###### Dialing code 47 is norway which has flag color of usa and looks like confederate state of america flag. When trump is at rally, his fans chant usa instead of trump or other things. Trump fans also wear and fly confederate flags.
###### 48 dailing code is poland which flag is same color and almost same design as japan. Nanjolno is japanese which means that nanjolno will become the 48th president. Poland is in between ukraine and ddr. Nanjolno was named after east germany, and nanjolno supports ukraine. Pluto is sometimes colored as light blue which is nanjolno color in M's.♇ is p and l which is poland alpha-2. Plutonium is eke-samarium which poland was neighbors with jews during interwar.
###### 49 dialing code is west germany. West germany is the most fake economy, so the 49th president would be dei like sakura ayane.
###### 50 is falkland islands. Argentina claims it. Which 2 letter code is ar like how element 18 was connected to sumire uesaka.
###### 51 dialing code is peru which mean that the president would be so unpopular that us collapse.
###### An explosive that would be buzz wordy is ANSU. An is 1st and 14th letter which concatenates to 114 which is related to soviet union. SU stands for soviet union. S is 19th and u is 21st which is almost 1922 and obviously u is close to v and looks like v. If want ratio to be 69/31, the fuel would have to weigh 178 per oxygen atom, which 178 is hafnium. It is abbreviate to hf like hydrogen fluoride which was written about before. A sugar is nana if it is a silaic acid, annana would be the abbreviation. If use mercury amalgam, it would be about 71/29 which is close to 69/31, and hf and hg are alike because elements 72 and 80 which t-80 came after t-72. Ammonium nitrate weigh 80 which hg is element 80. Ammonium nitrite weighs 64 which is like t-64. Ammonium nitrite amalgam might be stable if start with mercury nitrite and then add ammonia and hydrogen gas. An also stands for antonov which is ukrainian. An-225 is the most famous antonov. If molar wieght is 225, then it would be 145 weight metal which is promethium. Other amalgams that produce no excess oxygen are ammonium chlorite, ammonium nitrite, ammonium fulminate, and ammonium azide. AP weighs 118. Ammonium chlorite weighs 86 which is like 8086. Ammonium fulminate and ammonium azide is 60 and 70 which has no coincidence. Ammonium chloride sounds like ammonium chlorite. Ammonium chloride is not explosive. The bullet and explosive or the frag and bomb could be made into a gradient of alloys instead of 2 separate things.
###### If the us all the vietnam war resources on orion drive they would already have built it by 1972. Aviation fuel used in vietnam was enough to build, fuel and create the liquid hydrogen and oxidizer for 2000 saturn 5. Each saturn 5 carry 140 tons to leo. Because there are lots of saturn 5 being built, the launch pad cost would be negligible. The payload cost would be negligible because payload weigh so little. Ion drives using barium ion would move the items to earth escape without lots of mass loss. It would be 280000 tons to earth escape. To make up for the rest 120000 tons would use the other funds that was in vietnam war. The ship can would loss mass to 6000 tons after accelerating to 0.1c. Then, it would slow down at alpha centauri using magnetic sail. It would take less than 1 year to accelerate and slow down. If started in 1972, it would stop at alpha centuari in 2015. An estimate of speed at the low end would be 0.165c which is 4 times 0.033 is from orion drive and 0.033 is from other sources. It would arrive at a stop in 2025. It would have been a great investment then, but a bad investment now.  It is because space industry stagnated after the fake moon landings. Space industry is likely to not stagnate now because china is much more competent than the soviet union. The current technology and production would allow antimatter catalyzed nuclear fusion or californium core thermonuclear bombs, laser beam to speed up out of the solar system, and shaped charge nuclear bomb. It would allow travel out of solar system at any speed. It would easily slow down from 0.2c. The pusher plate could be made from cnt, but that would be ablative. There is photonic pressure from the nuclear blast to stop ablation. The pusher plate could be magnetic to retain even more mass. Ferrofluid would not be a good idea because solids also act like liquids. Magnets in fullerenes could be another candidate. Mercury is diamagnetic which magnetic field would repel. It could be used in the nuclear bomb to make the nuclear bomb not frag. However, there are other materials that would do a better job. If the material needs to be resistant to neutron capture, then sn-114 would be able to absord 6 neutrons without being unstable. Tin is paramagnetic surrounded by a sea of diamagnetic elements which may be a sign to choose it. Tin is element 50 like 50 states of usa. Its symbol is Sn which flip arround would be us like project orion is from usa. 114 as in Sumire Uesaka which represents usa and not soviet union. So, it seems that sn-114 would make the best pusher plate. However, it has unstable isomers would would make it decay before 6 neutrons. There are many elements that have 5 stable isotopes in a row. Just because a isotope is unstable does not mean that it would do a lot of damage to the pusher plate. It is optimal for the bomb to absorb the neutrons. If the pusher plate does not absorb neutrons, then some other thing would have to absorb it to get the energy. Physical properties is many order of magnitudes stronger than magnetism. It is likely that the pusher plate is made of a high entropy alloy of elements 70 to 78 inclusive. Xb-70 valkyrie means experimental bomber. It would be like an experimental bomber. Y looks like x. Yb is element 70 which means that the pusher plate will be made of element 70 which is a substring of xb-70. Xb-70 is the most famous supersonic bomber and has a concord like shape. Valkyrie as in element 69 etymology is thule which is where the valkyrie lived. The shape charge would be pointed backwards because efficiency is only determined by the angle of reflection. The shape charge would be accelerated backwards by railgun. The pusher plate would need to have the same focal point as the shape charge to be efficient. The critical mass of californium-251 is 5.46. With beryllium oxide tamper would reduce to 1/e which would be about 2 kilograms which complete fission would be 40 kilotons of tnt. Each kilogram of li6 dueteride would be 65 kilotons of tnt. 12 kilograms of li6 dueteride is needed to get 90% energy efficiency which is not counting the weight of the other devices. It corresponds to 818068 tons of tnt. The design of shape charge would have to improve or use antimatter catalyzed fusion which can be below kiloton bomb. Antimatter even with nuetrino loss is more energy dense that the best possible fusion reaction. So, the bigger each bomb, the less efficient it is. But, the cost goes up if small because antimatter would be many times more expensive than matter. Antimatter already takes a lot of energy to make which is many times required to overcome the energy barrier to fuse hydrogen directly to iron. That makes anti-osmium-192 just as cheap as antihydrogen. The amount of antimatter to catalyze fusion would depend on the density of antimatter because of dense means more able to throw a lot at once. However, diamagnetism determines how easy it would store. Bismuth-209 is the most diamagnetic, and bismuth is really dense. 209 and 192 shares 2 of the same digits. Bismuth-208 has less molar mass which means more diamagnetism per mass. So, a anti-bismuth-208 to target of osmium-192 catalyzed fusion bomb would be both lighter and cheaper than antihydrogen-1 catalyzed fusion bomb. For short trips, anti-bismuth-207 would be used because bismuth-207 is even lighter than stable bismuth which means more diamagnetism. And for even shorter trips, tritium fusion and osmium-194 could be used. Osmium-194 is denser than stable osmium. If want density, then antibismuth-210. However, the halflife is 5 days which has a 0.000132% chance of releasing antihelium which the antimatter flux would be unacceptable. The other is positron release which it would capture. If polonium was discovered to be more diamagnetic, it still wouldn't be used because of the antialpha flux. The anti-bismuth-208 would be coated with anti-hafnium-180, and the walls and osmium-192 target would be coated with hafnium-180 because hafnium has the lowest vapor pressure, and heavier nuclei means lower vapor pressure. Release of vapor would cause unintended matterantimatter annhilation. Hafnium-182 would be used in short trips. Alpha particle release shoudl be counted in vapor pressure. If need to use chemical propulsion to annihilate without leidenfrost or fissile effect, then the target would be the anti-bismuth-208 and the bullet would be osmium-192. If need to put the antimatter reaction near the fusion fuel, then the bullet would electromagnetically propelled anti-bismuth-208 and the target is osmium-192 buried down a hole in the fusion fuel. If need both, then turn off some magnets and chemical propulsion to push the whole bomb. Another way is the use antimatter pulsed laser to shove the anti-bismuth into the hole. Multiple stages could be used. The stages are all colinear. All lasers from the previous stage would help push the antimatter to the matter in the current stage. However, the laser would be gamma ray which might fizzile the fusion bomb. Bismuth and hafnium go together because bismuth is 83 which 1983 is 72 juche. But, superconductor is more diamagnetic that bismuth so use superconductor made of antimatter. Osmium superconducting transition temperature is greater than 0.5 kelvin which is very reachable. Another reason why the heavy antimatter atoms would do better than antihydrogen is that the average energy per nucleon is lower which prevents the loss of energy from neutrinos. This would change if the antimatter catalyze bomb is using crystal annihilation array which would not only prevent the formation of neutrinos, but make a even more concentrated beam to direct at the same spot. The shaped charge would use alpha particle reflector which depleted plutonium would be a good choice. No alpha particle absorbent is needed because of conservation of momentum. Because the pusher plate is used to be pushed, it cannot be made with depleted plutonium because depleted plutonium is fertile. All parts of the bomb between the li-6 dueteride and pusher plate are fissile because it would not make frags. Pusher plate would be made of nuclei that has lots of protons because higher molar radiation length means more would get inbetween causing enbrittlement. The pusher plate would also be made of nuclei that are have low neutrons because of neutrons don't repluse a lot. Both sides of the shaped charge have to be shaped because conservation of momentum make it so that if one side has lots of energy going perpendicular then the other side would have it as well.
###### Depleted plutonium darts would only be useful for intergalatic travel because the requirement of low amount of space debris and low acceleration. There is a possibility that full implementation of depleted plutonium darts would not be economically viable withing 10 billion light years. That is because to slow down from 0.9c to stop would take so long. Slowing from 0.999c to 0.9c would use depleted plutonium dart. The displacement gained from the slow deceleration would be much lower than from 0.9c to 0c.
###### A near future technology that even isaac arthur overlook is bioleaching and isotope seperation. Although isaac arthur has mention isotope separation by magnetic field from starlifting, isaac arthur did not mention it as a notable near future technology nor was the isotope separation by bioleaching. Both bioleaching and isotope separation by bioleaching would be very fast because it is how nose sensor cell works. It would make the scenario of isaac arthur's "3d printing a nuke in a basement" be possible. However, it wouldn't use 3d printing, but 3d printing would make making the basement easier.
###### Optimal surface to leo rocket design would not be reusable. In the future, labor cost would decrease because automation and engineering. So, it would optimize on cheap materials and weight of materials. Materials that would have high strength to cost ratio would be glass and wood. Steel doesn't count because cost includes machining. Insulation would be made of styrofoam. The engines would be made of low quality steel because it will only be used once. The final stage engine and fuel would be higher quality because rocket equation says that materials in the final stages matters more to delta v. The final stage would use decaborane and ozone. The intermediate stages would use higher and higher concentration of ozone. The first stage would use liquid oxygen. No aerospikes would be used. The propellant tank at the bottom of each stage would be the denser one. From bottom to top: 1st stage rockets, 1st stage fuel tanks, final stage rocket engine, payload (assume to be denser than fuel and oxidizer), final stage fuel tank, intermediate stage fuel tanks in descending order. The 2nd stage fuel tanks are at the top of the rocket. The rocket launches. After the first stage is done, the final stage ignites using 2nd stage fuel tanks. The top of the 1st stage fuel tank opens up from the top to fill the inside with the fumes. When it is filled up, explosives in the wall of the 1st stage rocket detonates to create holes on the side letting the fumes escape. Too early would damage the final stage nozzle. Too early would also decrease delta v as the 1st stage would contribute less to the momentum of exhaust velocity. Too late would cause negative pressure in the rocket chamber causing propellant to ignite in the 2nd stage pipes. When the 2nd stage fuel tanks are empty, they fall apart to go back down. Now the 3rd stage is at the top of the rocket which would fall down after done use. The glass would be borosilicate. It will be used to make the outside of the rocket and outside the propellant tanks. The wood would be used for high tensile strength which will line the inside of the propellant tanks. The wood would be made from genetically engineered iron wood that grow fast. If using wood boards, the wood board would be bent into cylinders and joined using stem cells. Because the ozone is low temperature and will only have contact for a few minutes, glass and wood would be resistant to it. Within the time between filling the propellant and space would not be enough time to do significant damage to the styrofoam.
###### The rocket would not use chemical fuels to get out of leo. In the near future, it is likely that owning a chemical rocket on earth that can go anywhere out of leo would be banned. It is because it could be able to quickly nuke moon bases during a nuclear war. It would also be wasteful and bad for the environment because it would use much more mass than an ion drive.
###### To write a polymer in smiles: [CH2-]C1CC(C[C+](F)F)OCO1 It is vinylon but the the alcoholic carbon is dehydrated and replaced with fluorine. [CH2+]C(F)(F)CC1C[C-]NCN1 This time positive on fluorine side and negative on ring side. A boron analogue would not be stable unless the boron is bonded to oxygen on all sides. I think this silicon analogue would be the most stable: [CH2+]C(F)(F)CC1C[C-][Si]2(O)C[Si]1(O)C2 or [CH2+]C(F)(F)CC1C[C-][Si]2(N)C[Si]1(N)C2 Each has to bond to at least 2 carbon. Silicon double bonds are unstable. I don't think a phosphorous analogue would be stable. A sulfur analogue that could exist is [CH2+]C(F)(F)CC1C[C-][S](=O)(=O)C[S]1(=O)=O and [CH2+]C(F)(F)CC1C[C-]SSS1. If make stronger replace cf2 with paraphenylgroup.
###### No high entropy or  ultra high molecular weight or both nylon (aramid is not nylon) would beat tensile strength of uhmwpe. It is because there would be a diminishing return in using nitrogen vanderwall force on oxygen. Near future polymer that would beat uhmwpe would be polymer blend of graphene oxide and graphene amine. Then, it would be graphene nanoribbons with one side oxide and the other side amine.
###### In is3 album the track numbers for white forces and 1983 schwarzesmarken are 8 and 3. In that order because 83 as in 1983. If remove the third cosmic velocity because it is the only phase2 music that does not have nanjolno in it, it would be 72 like juche 72. After t-72 is t-80, t-90, and t-14 which juche 80 is when soviet union disappeared. Juche 90 is 911 like a reminder that end of history is not true. Juche 114 is 2025 which is the year that people in the past look forward to. Track 12 is unlimited density like 12th mv b-side. Track 2 is luminize like it ends in the same digit as 12.
###### Outside of a zoo topopolis could be retrograde orbiting blackholes and retrograde spinning hafnium topopolis. On earth, near future, or planet, a way to contain a civilization to a planet would be high elliptical retrograde ferrosilicon rods. It is retrograde so that it counters space ships that try to use speed boost from planet to get into space. It is in high elliptical orbit so that it hits fast at low altitudes and stays longer. At higher altitudes, the rods are more circular because not much of a speed gain at higher altitudes and more time would be out of range to do damage. It would be much more effective than kessler syndrome because most satellites are prograde circular orbits. It is ferrosilicon because iron and silicon is the most common asteroid elements which makes it worth the least. Ferrosilicon has better mechanical properties such as hardness than steel as a penetrator. Steel contain carbon which is really valuable on the moon, so steel would be helping them. Aluminum oxide is also another candidate, but its density is much lighter which would make it have more air resistance. Although, you can make it really long to compensate, it would lose effectiveness against rockets that are going straight up. Oxygen and aluminum is also very common. Even on mercury, oxygen makes up tens of percent of the crust by weight. Aluminum oxide has much higher hardness than ferrosilicon, so at medium earth orbit, use rods of aluminum oxide. The high elliptical retrograde rods prevent the zoo civilization from using ion drives to earth escape. The zoo civilization would need the chemical rocket all the way to escape.
###### I wonder why pressurized oxygen is preferred over hydrogen peroxide. Hydrogen peroxide is stable even at 100% purity. Hydrogen peroxide by volume is equivalent to supercritical oxygen at 0.68 g/cm^2 density which is even denser than oxygen critical density. Unlike oxygen, hydrogen peroxide removes carbon monoxide by itself. In a rebreather, the gas goes through air filter, then lithium oxide, then a oxygen sensor with a exit valve to release gas if it is too hypoxic, then a hydrogen peroxide sponge with catalyst. The catalyst reacts hydrogen peroxide with carbon monoxide and release oxygen. Then goes to more catalyst to turn hydrogen peroxide fumes to water and oxygen. Water would drip out into a exit container. If pressurized oxygen tank explodes, you can't run away, but you can run away from hydrogen peroxide. Hydrogen peroxide is safer around high temperature because it is a liquid and liquids are incompressible.
###### Usa produce the most beryllium. It is as if usa is a merchant like a villager.
###### It is called Neon Genesis Evagelion because the angels in the anime is like the angels in my minecraft theory. They are both related to neon and are the bad guys. Sora tokui says her favorite anime is neon genesis evagelion. Out of all the M's seiyuu, she is the only one that says that. No one likes a scifi action story as their most favorite unless they like the bad guys. Examples of scifi action stories are star trek, star wars, Dune, world war 1, world war 2, neon genesis evagelion, the matrix, metal gear solid, bioshock, cyberpunk 2077, 1984, brave new world, handmaid's tale, undertale, fahrenhiet 451, animal farm, the communist manifesto, lord of the rings, lovecraft, frankenstien, the giver, avatar: the last airbender, full metal alchemist, cold war, vietnam war, gulf war, interwars, imperial japanese invasion of china, chechen war, soviet invasion of afghanistan, 9/11, korean war, pol pot, jim jones, mazerunner, hunger games, her, mad max, and three body problem. The fans are silicon valley tech bros, technocrats, and Xu Yao. Their favorite scifi are all action scifi and they all like the bad guys in the scifi. Therefore, sora tokui also likes the bad guys in neon genesis evagelion. Neon genesis evagelion's bad guys is connected to the wither. Sora tokui must have written about neon genesis evagelion before 2009 because the stuff was a long time ago. Sora tokui accidentally predicted the minecraft wither.
###### Schwarzesmarken is dieselpunk. Lise even rhymes with diesel. Nanjolno green dress in 1983 schwarzesmarken could be called bronzepunk (not 300punk), jolnopunk, ZOMGpunk, bloonpunk, orwellpunk, or stasipunk. Example of bronzepunk would be nazi germany.
###### U232 has a halflife of 69 years. It is sexy like a romance novel. Idea for romance novel. The bad guy shoots and kills good guy. The bad guy was really evil, so he choose a bullet that would be really inhumane. It is made of u232 because it is toxic and radioactive. The good guy was shot in the head and died. The bad guy lived his life full of lavishes and gluttony. After the bad guy died, he had a lavish funeral with a cremation with a expensive casket. The expensive casket was made with so much wood, not even his ashes were his anymore. The wood ash went into an expensive urn which end up being stolen to be melted down for gold. Because the bullet in the good guy's head was so radioactive, it preserved the good guy's brain far into the future which let him be revived using technology. 
###### Critics against the acp argue that the acp isn't communist because it supports usa back in the old days. But maga communists were right. 1940s to 1970s America was closer to the soviet union than to itself in the modern day. Therefore going back in time is communism.
###### Nanjolno -> sn -> stannum -> stan. Therefore, the only person that should be worshiped is nanjolno. My middle name is fan. Fan does action of stan. Therefore, I am nanjolno biggest fan.
###### Another reason to want iodine to be the only metal complex is that it seems that iodine is the only element that can bond (stronger than the weakest ionic bond) to at least 7 other atoms (hydrogen bonds don't count because those are molecules and not atoms. being sandwhiched between 2 aromatic groups does not count) which each has an oxidation number of -2 or less that is stable at standard pressure and temperature above triple point of oxygen. Polyoxometalates goes up to 6. Bromine +7 oxidation state is unstable. Chlorine has no orthroacid. Row 7 are likely to have lower oxidation state because of relativistic effects. Periodic acid is very stable. In organic complexes, the anion group is more stable. That means that [IO7]^-7 is likely to exist in enzymes. O is a chalcologen. S is also a chalcologen. Fripside goes to is6. [IS6]^-6 might be stable at standard pressure and above triple point of oxygen. Assuming that it is stable, that would not mean much. IF7 and ICl7 already exist and is stable. [IN6]^-12 would be unstable because the nitrogen would be close to each other. [CF2]^-2 group would be too large to fit 6 closely together. Other organic groups would be unstable if 7 because no strong electron stuff. [IS7]^-7 would not be stable because fitting 7 requires much more space than fitting 6. [IO7]^-7 would be called 86 anion. 86 as in IO asteroid is asteroid 85 and jupiter moon io is 1 and 1 plus 85 is 86. 7 is also between 8 and 6. [IS6]^-6 would be called fripSide anion because of is6. Of all the perhalobenzene, (IC)6 is the most stable which is the only orange perhalobenzene like fripSide logo benzene is 6 in a ring. It is IC because carbon is more electonegative. IC because it is is in cyrillic. About the interchalcologen. [IOS6]^-7 would be possible because from ios6 to ios7 is from old iphone texture to modern iphone texture. Ios7 was also the logo that style stayed for the next few ios updates. Apple probably did not plant the coincidences to coincide with iodine, but apple probably coincide it so that ios7 is the big update because 7 is a lucky number. [IOS7]^-8 would not be stable because [IO8]^-8 is not stable. [IOS6]^-7 might mean ios7 and not ios6 because of electron acceptor count which if true would mean that it [IOS5]^-6 would be the largest stable anion.
###### Scifi story about nanobots. It was the 2010s, everyone was blinded about the nanobot hype that was caused by the movie big hero 6. Although nanobots may seem to be a near future technology like what isaac arthur thinks, there are many physical limitations to them which make them more like mitochondria and chloroplasts than anything smart. One visionary believed in something different. He thought that brain cloning is around the corner. It is contrary to the popular consensus that brain cloning is in the far future. The visionary developed a method. 2 brains are cut into tissues and reassembled. The donor brain is given medication that decrease neuroplasticity. The patient brain is given medication that increase neuroplasticity. The increased neuroplasticity causes the patient brain to overwrite memories and be written with memories from the donor brain. The visionary kidnaps many victims to try the method. One slave was allowed to be conscious on the promise that he does the work of reassembling the brains to clone them. Other parts of the brain cloning assembly line is automated. The visionary saw that the slave does it with high precision and without any attempt to sabotage. The visionary does disguise and plastic surgery to prevent the slave from knowing that the visionary would be going through cloning his brain. The visionary planted zero-day at the end of the brain cloning assembly line to let he and his brain clone escape while the rest of the brain clones are induced to coma. A part was added towards the end of the assembly line which wakes up the brain clones one at a time. Only if the brain clone knew the zero-day could they escape. It only had to be done once because after that the visionary can trust a brain clone to do brain cloning. There was no alternative because the visionary did not have any friends which caused him to not be able to trust anyone else. The visionary believed that he is the best person to ever live and would use himselves to do world domination.
###### Stephen mcculla didn't do anything wrong! He is innocent. Husbands do bad stuff because of socioeconomic reasons. The cheating is a threat to divorce. Divorce is a big loss of money which is economic. Husbands are seen as perpetrators even if they did nothing wrong. That is a social reason. When nanjolno becomes president, nanjolno should pardon all husbands who murdered their wives except for Husbands who murder their cucker or does vigilante against pedophiles or sexual offenders. It is because that hypocrites do not deserve pardons.
###### Modern day version of general patton would be a russian general that is sad that the russia ukraine war is about russian neo-nazis fighting against ukrainian neo-nazi. The russian general uses china like how the usa used japan to commit pan-asian genocide. The russian general causes china to attack taiwan which the three georges dam gets destoryed and kills hundreds of millions of chinese civilians. China would secretly downgrade their own weapons so that more chinese soldiers would die. After the war ends, china is converted to buddhism, and china's cremation rate is raised to 99.97% like japan. 
###### When i was little, my theory why endermen hated water use to be that teleportation is discrete while water is continuous.
###### When I was a child, I liked the noble gases because they make colorful electric displays. One time while reading about stellar fusion, I saw that neon fuse downward and neon was also down in nucleon binding energy. It was when I already had played bloons monkey city. I thought about the neon being used in crystal fusion array. I had  misread it as "crystal array fusion". The only thing I found was that there was an idea to use a crystal lattice to confine atoms to fuse when laser hits. I thought it wouldn't work, so I thought it is dead end. I saw that neon fusion to oxygen which can combust. I thought that it would be a negligible effect compared to the fusion energy. I thought about the opposite side of the periodic table which ogannesson would be unreactive radioactive gas which would make it harder for an enemy to contain using chemicals if the enemies were gassed with it. I thought that the effect would be negligible because it wouldn't last long. I researched that neon fusion release less energy than hydrogen, so I thought maybe a neon isotope with only protons would release more energy. I thought that it would because repulsion from protons. But, I researched that neon isotopes live really short when neutron count are at 5. I googled neon fusion bomb which I could only find a google book that is fiction which I thought would be some cringey thing to read, so I didn't read it. I thought of neon like a boy scout would think of nitrogen. Copied form twitter "was thinking about nob[le]el gases being the most intresting elements on the periodic table, but  it brought back memories of senior year in highschool So in my senior year, I had quit all clubs which was only robotics club. I was never associated with the astronomy club in any school unless counting competitive science club in middle school .... at night hanging around in the pavillion at the boarding school, a question was asked around, "if your nipples was made of an element what would it be?" A fat repulsive guy who was president of the astronomy club said neon. [I had not known anything about the astronomy club nor who the presidents or vice presidents were. I had not heard him when he said neon.] I was going to say neon because it was not cringey because not a heavy element and not somewhere in the middle and not boring like [elements that are ]common. [But, I thought neon might be cringey and overrated,] So I end up saying carbon because carbon means organic soon, a european girl who would have been considered pretty to the average skinny american came and said neon. It was a coincidence [because she was not there when he had said it. The guy said that he also said neon. The guy looked happy. The girl looked disgusted]. the girl was vice president of astronomy club they talked like casual friends. but, the guy seemed to like her. nothing much happened. later, I found that she had fake blonde hair which was a surprise because that would mean there were no blonde hair student. There was 2 or 3 weeks when i did not see the guy. [and neither did other people saw the guy] I think he got suspended. After he returned, I never saw him interact with the girl. I shrugged it off at the time. but, i relates to me because I never would have realized astronomy was something connected to me [because neon is in my minecraft theory. And how neon relates to my minecraft theory is astronomy] and not just a preteen phase" I had only known about the astronomy club after I read through the yearbook which was after I graduated. The yearbook number that I got was 76 which element 76 is Os which when I was in elementary school, I thought of it as a wonder material like how marvel fans thing about titanium.
###### I have written somewhere else that nanjolno height should be 1453 milimeters. However, I think it should be 146cm because 72 from illiac and 74 from underbust add to 146. 146 is 73 metric inch which element 73 is Ta like Tachibana Aya. Another way is to add overilliac and bust which is butt and bust which are 84 and 86 which would be 172 which is 85 metric inch which is At which is copalindrome with Ta. 88 which would be 172 which is median and equiprobable isotope of Yb. Nanjolno birthday is always 172 days until the last day of the year. Nanjolno birthday fluctuates between 193rd and 194th day of the year which stable isobars are element 77 and element 78 which 1977 and 1978 relates to child pornography. So, Eli ayase dimensions are the best. Eli ayase height is 160 cm which is close to \mean(146,172). However, nanjolno would choose 160 because it is mimorin height and nanjolno ships herself with mimorin. Nanjolno hieght is close to \mean(88,74,60,72,84)*2.
###### Central pressure of neutron star is equivalent to 56 trillion light-years of lead at earth gravity. The lead would have to be completely incompressible. Even if it existed and the speed of sound in lead is equal to c, the pressure would not be achieved within 1000 times the current universe's lifetime. Such megastructure would be a superflat world. Superflat worlds can be simulated with a really large EMNB. Using the EMNB, you can prove that black hole radius growth linear to the mass of the blackhole. It is because that growing slower would mean that the superflat world be infinitely thick without collapsing into a blackhole. Growing faster than linear would I don't know. Actually, it doesn't grow linearly because it is an infinitely long cable. Prompting "what is the formula of gravity on a infinite long cable with a mass of 1 solar mass per light year at x meters away?" to chatgpt, gives an answer that is x^-1 which integrate to get escape velocity would be ln(infintity) which is infinity. Although, mass grows linearly with inner radius, it is the length to maintain the same gravity that grows linearly with mass and not escape velocity. So, all infinitely long topopolis would collapse to a black hole. Black hole radius grows linearly to mass which cables are also grow linear to mass. However real superflat worlds would be interdimensional and be a Kardeshav 5 structure. Superflat worlds would not fit in the universe because the universe does not curve onto itself at some places. An arbitrarily large EMNB with a thickness of 1 astronomical unit would have a density smaller than 2.26177 times water. Critical mass density of cable is 1.60135E12 solar masses per light year. I prompted chatgpt "convert the formula for schwarchild diameter of a blackhole to mass density of cabel", and it said "Great question! You're asking to convert the Schwarzschild condition for black hole formation—normally based on mass—to a condition involving the mass per unit length \n𝜆\nλ of a cable (line mass), in order to find out when a long cable becomes a black hole (or creates an event horizon).\n\n🔁 Step-by-step plan:\nWe want to find the critical linear density \n𝜆\ncrit\nλ \ncrit\n\u200b\n  such that an infinite cable becomes a black hole, i.e., forms an event horizon.\n\nTo do this, we need to use General Relativity, specifically the cylindrically symmetric black hole solution (not the Schwarzschild metric, which applies to spheres).\n\n🔬 Key Result from General Relativity:\nThe Levi-Civita metric describes the spacetime outside an infinite straight line mass. When the linear mass density exceeds a critical value, the line creates a gravitational horizon.\n\nFrom General Relativity, the critical linear density for a horizon to form is:\n\n𝜆\ncrit\n=\n𝑐\n2\n4\n𝐺\nλ \ncrit\n\u200b\n = \n4G\nc \n2\n \n\u200b\n \nWhere:\n\n𝐺\n≈\n6.674\n×\n10\n−\n11\n\u2009\nm\n3\n\u2009\nkg\n−\n1\n\u2009\ns\n−\n2\nG≈6.674×10 \n−11\n m \n3\n kg \n−1\n s \n−2\n \n\n𝑐\n≈\n3.00\n×\n10\n8\n\u2009\nm/s\nc≈3.00×10 \n8\n m/s\n\n🔢 Calculate it:\n𝜆\ncrit\n=\n(\n3.00\n×\n10\n8\n)\n2\n4\n⋅\n6.674\n×\n10\n−\n11\n=\n9.00\n×\n10\n16\n2.6696\n×\n10\n−\n10\n≈\n3.37\n×\n10\n26\n\u2009\nkg/m\nλ \ncrit\n\u200b\n = \n4⋅6.674×10 \n−11\n \n(3.00×10 \n8\n ) \n2\n \n\u200b\n = \n2.6696×10 \n−10\n \n9.00×10 \n16\n \n\u200b\n ≈3.37×10 \n26\n kg/m\n🧠 Interpretation:\nIf your infinite cable has a mass density\n\n𝜆\n≥\n3.37\n×\n10\n26\n\u2009\nkg/m\nλ≥ \n3.37×10 \n26\n kg/m\n\u200b\n \nthen it would be dense enough to form a cylindrical black hole horizon.\n\nThis is like the line-mass analog of the Schwarzschild radius.\n\n🔁 Bonus: Convert back to familiar units\nLet’s compare that to solar masses per light-year:\n\n1\n\u2009\n𝑀\n⊙\n=\n1.989\n×\n10\n30\n\u2009\nkg\n1M \n⊙\n\u200b\n =1.989×10 \n30\n kg\n\n1\n\u2009\nly\n=\n9.461\n×\n10\n15\n\u2009\nm\n1ly=9.461×10 \n15\n m\n\nSo,\n\n𝜆\ncrit\n=\n3.37\n×\n10\n26\n\u2009\nkg/m\n1.989\n×\n10\n30\n/\n9.461\n×\n10\n15\n≈\n16,000\n\u2009\n𝑀\n⊙\n/\nly\nλ \ncrit\n\u200b\n = \n1.989×10 \n30\n /9.461×10 \n15\n \n3.37×10 \n26\n kg/m\n\u200b\n ≈16,000M \n⊙\n\u200b\n /ly\n✅ Final Answer:\nAn infinite cable becomes a black hole if:\n\n𝜆\n≥\n𝑐\n2\n4\n𝐺\n≈\n3.37\n×\n10\n26\n\u2009\nkg/m\n≈\n1.6\n×\n10\n4\n\u2009\n𝑀\n⊙\n/\nly\nλ≥ \n4G\nc \n2\n \n\u200b\n ≈3.37×10 \n26\n kg/m≈1.6×10 \n4\n M \n⊙\n\u200b\n /ly\n\u200b\n \nYour earlier example (1 \n𝑀\n⊙\nM \n⊙\n\u200b\n /ly) is far below this threshold, so that cable would not form a black hole — but if it were \n∼\n16,000\n∼16,000 times denser, it would."
###### Many internet users do not use a simpler explanation on why vitamin C disappeared. If there are 2 phenotypes that have the same evolutionary advantage, then the ratio of population between the phenotypes will gradually go towards the (how to write all possible combination of dna sequence that can express the phenotype) ratio of that of the phenotypes. It seems obvious until someone forgot to apply it when reasoning why vitamin C disappeared.
###### Another reason why iodine is that metal ions are hard to separate each other which is why zinc replace iron and mercury replace other ions. Iodine can easily be separated for the metal ions because of chemistry. Metal ions bioavalibility is low even in injection because there are anions that would remove it. Although iodine can be a cation, there are many stronger cations that would prevent iodine from binding.  Another reason why iodine is that it symbol is eye according to the endermen in my minecraft theory just like the metal oxide groups in protein look like an eye of the protien. If iodine is every and only metal for all metal protiens, then it would be like phosphorous which is rare in the universe and need small amounts of it. Iodine and phosphorous symbol concatenate to IP. Iodine is 127 and phosphorous is 31 which 31 and 127 are mersenne primes. The 2 terms before them are 7 and 3 which 8 and 5 are close to them because 2^n and 2^n+1. Not being stable means that it is rare. Isobar 8 and 5 are known to not be stable like element 85 which is At. Ta is copalindrome with At which Ta is element 73 which 7 and 3. Isobar 7 and 3 are monoisobar but not monoisotope. Unlike monoisobars of 6 and 4 which are also heli, both isobar 7 and 3 have long lived nuclei that are 1 away from each other which are beryllium-7 and tritium.
###### Alphas believe in hearth, home, and family. Endermen believed that they would be very alpha if they touch helium. Alpha in particle physics is the only stable isobar 4 which asteroid 4 is goddess of hearth, home, and family. 
###### In minecraft theory, helium most common isotope is 3 and beryllium is 9. Average is 6 which asteroid 6 is hebe which stands for helium and beryllium. Therefore, helium-3 should be the most common. If analogous to triple alpha process, beryllium-6 would decay back to starting ingredients. In real life, beryllium-6 decays to helium-4 and 2 protiums which is close enough to 2 helium-3. Hebe is goddess of  eternal youth, prime of life, and forgiveness. Eternal youth because helium burning is still very long compared to every step after it. Prime of life because of helium flash and electrodegenerate helium cannot detonate into supernova therefore it isn't dead.  Forgiveness because helium burning is a 2 step process which the 1st step have to be done many times like forgiveness. 
###### Asteroid 2 is goddess of wisdom, handicraft, and warfare which the only stable isobar 2 is dueterium which main use is hydrogen bomb which is about all listed. Asteroid 2 has the same etymology as palladium which palladium was used in fake cold fusion that used dueterium.
###### Asteroid 8 is flora which is allusion to fluorine group which astatine is in. Asteroid 5 is astrea which is allusion to astatine. Isobar 8 and 5 have no stable nuclei just like element 85 is named for being unstable. Isobar 8 is in helium burning which happens in stars made of helium which helium is named after sun which sun is flower shaped which asteroid 8 means flower. Isobar is in between isobar 4 which is only helium and isobar 6 which is only lithium. Lithium and helium are both in common in that helium has the highest 2nd order ionization energy and lithium has the highest cumulative 2nd order ionization energy. 2 because oxidation is named after oxygen which most common oxidation state is negative 2 and metals are known for being oxidized which metals are also known for a oxidation state of at least positive 2. Not being able to be oxidized is described as noble in chemistry. Noble synonyms are justice, innocence, purity and precision which asteroid 5 is named after goddess of justice, innocence, purity and precision.
###### Let us say that you want the widest and thickest EMNB made with the heaviest isotope of mercury. The criteria in descending order is: isotope and 1g and being a EMNB, thickness, width. The isotope is mercury-204 which has a density as 13762 per cubic meter, and assume incompressible.  The thickness as width goes to infinity converges to 3420287.3608459 meters. Black hole mass density is 1592546846307.44 solar masses per light year. A cylinder of mercury-204 with thickness of  3420287.3608459 meters and weigh 1592546846307.44 solar masses per light year would have a radius of 0.120323056250968 lightyears which is 8 times lower than theoretical maximum for 1g spin gravity which is 0.962536019583423 lightyears. The ratio is exactly 8 and does not depend on density of the hull nor depend on the gravitation. An EMNB larger would still have stable orbits lower than c/sqrt(2) but escape velocity would be higher than c.
###### Cyrillic and korean look blocky like stalinpunk. So, soviet union and north korea were the most communist.
###### A reason to name helium as diproton is because it ends in -on like the rest of the noble gases.
###### K2 civilization can easily sterialize a whole galaxy worth of solar systems. However, ice moon are quite safe from rkm and grb. If the rkm or grb is not energetic enough it may even cause life to evolve faster because of the energy gradient feed life. There are many times more planets out of stellar systems than inside which would likely be a bunch of jupiters with multiple ice moons. So, the best way to get rid of aliens is to colonize.
###### GDP means east germany because the p is cyrillic. DDR also had the higher gpd percapita than the soviet union.
###### NS also stands for neutron star which makes sense because NS is north-south which means magnet like in magnetic today live performance. In the live performance north is sora tokui because ussr is north of south korea. If sora tokui was south, then sky-[planet]>uranus-[symbol]>antartica-[direction]>south. NS also stands for Nazi-Soviet, so sora tokui would be the s part.
###### Pbs spacetime made a really bad prediction for the far future of nucleosynthesis. Pbs spacetime said we wouldn't make lithium or beryllium with fusion reactors because they wouldn't be materials we want and tripla alpha would make carbon and higher. However, triple alpha is slow. Even at upper limit of helium flash with a lower limit in mass, it would create 50 plutos of carbon-12 per solar mass second. There are 200 million plutos per solar mass. Assume that all mass is reinvested into machinery to create more carbon-12, it would grow at a rate of e^(seconds/4000000) which would 2668.3918058 times its size in 31556925 seconds. So, actually it is fast. But, that is with cold fusion. If the helium-4 isn't hot enough, it wouldn't be able to be magnetically contained which would prevent fusion reactors to reach pressures of electrodegeneracy. Triple alpha beats p-p chain reaction rate at 400000000 fahrenheit which is large, and triple alpha beats dueterium-dueterium reaction rate at 700000000 fahrenheit. The highest temperature achieved in tokamak is 200000000 fahrenheit for a few minutes. It is unlikely that tokamak can do much better because bigger means that the magnetic force decrease in cube of distance which means that bigger would be weaker. First, dueterium would be created from neutron  bombardment which could be from atomic bombs or cyclotron. The dueterium would be fed into a tokomak or a really long tube which plasma gets concentrated in the middle which shooting towards the other side where reactants are collected. Helium-4, helium-3, and tritium would be produced. Lithium-6 is a nuclei which can be easily produced by bombarding helium-4 with dueterium. Lithium-6 is bad at making heavier elements because it is likely that bombarding it with anything that is lithium-6 or lower in mass would create fragmentation. Lithium-7 cannot be easily made with lithium-6 because lithium-6 would fragment even if touched slow neutron. Lithium-7 would be made from bombarding tritium with helium-4. Lithium-7 would be put into a nuclear bomb. The neutron flux would pass through liquid protium or liquid helium-4 to slow down and some would produce dueterium if hit protium. Protium has the highest fast neutron scatterium cross section, but helium-4 is really inert to neutrons because helium-5 neutron emit in less than attosecond. The neutron flux would hit lithium-7 twice to get to lithium-9 which would quickly decay to stable beryllium. Lithium-8 has a long enough halflife to sit through the whole neutron flux. Lithium-10 decays in less than attosecond by emitting neutron which means that lithium-9 does not capture neutrons unless it might fragment. Nuclei that are beryllium-9 and above have low probability to fragment when capturing slow neutron. If do not use tritium, helium-4 and helium-3 can fusion to make beryllium-7 which has long enough halflife to be moved into cyclotron. Beryllium-7 bombarded with beryllium-7 would make excited oxygen-14 which might not fragment completely to nuclei lower than beryllium-9. Nitrogen is the only element that is chemically inert when diatomic, so nitrogen might not have been so overrated. Isobar 7 is right below isobar 8. Lithium-7 and beryllium-7 fusion would make nitrogen-14. Nitrogen fusion creates silicon-28 which fusion gives iron-56. It is because it is divisible. If use nitrogen-15, you would skip radioactivity which would give nickel-60. Nitrogen is diatomic and is inert when diatomic like it is asking to be in fusion. A even faster way would be to starlift oxygen and magnesium from a neon burning star. Using statites, the energy would to recycled until it is expended to get oxygen and magnesium up the gravity well. Stellar nucleosynthesis rate can not go as high as 1.4 solar masses of iron per day because the star would deplete in silicon, and go back to silicon burning. So, it is likely that that nitrogen from hadron colliders would be the preferred method in far future. 
###### If helium-2 was stable and its existence does not significantly affect nuclear reactions. Helium-2 would be a really rare product from p-p chain. Helium-2 has a isomer right above it in energy which would release 2 protons or dueterium really quickly. Helium-2 would have to be like lithium-6 in binding energy and be easily fused to make helium-3 and helium-4. Most helium-4 would be from decay of high proton count nuclei which release diproton. Helium-2 would be like helium-4 because it would originated from nuclear decay. Asteroid 2 has same etymology as palladium which is a big nuclei.
###### To get off of the moon with chemical rocket, people would likely use ozone monopropellent. Ozone energy density is about 2972916.6667 joules per kilogram which corresponds to a exhaust velocity of 2438.40795057 meters per second. The most energy efficient rocket has exhaust velocity of about ln(2) times delta v which on the moon is 1649.69028973 meters per second which corresponds to an energy density of 1360739.02602 joules per kilogram. Ozone with a purity of 0.554906329012 with the rest being inert gas like dioxygen would have that escape velocity. If the rocket efficiency is on the low end with 80 percent of energy being converted to exhaust velocity, then ozone would have a purity of 0.693632911265. Energy cost of producing dioxygen should not be counted because it is a byproduct of smelting the moon.
###### Before, humans would go to alpha centauri, humans would build an extremely large telescope to detect disturbances in background radiation to detect a rogue planet to send a ship to. There are likely 50 rogue planets per star. The average density of stars is 1 star per (4 lightyear)^3 which rogue planets would mean that the nearest planet is 1.0857670466379626286072357878718 light years away. It is likely that the telescope would be much easier to build than an orion drive. The max ship velocity would depend on solar system growth rate. Ship would be sent if it is predicted that future ships would not be able to catch up. Antimatter is hard to produce for a few decades into the future after the first orion drive. If few means 5, then that means that if a nuclear fusion ship can go to alpha centauri within 54 years, then we would send it. The likely scenario is that the rogue planet is discovered 1 light year away while the first orion drive is still being built. The orion drives are sped up using stellaser and decelerate using fuel. The orion drive depart to the rogue planet at 0.1c because 0.2c orion drive deliver date would be later than 5 years. After the 0.2c orion drive is made, it departs to another rogue planet that is nearer than alpha centuari and so on. A really big 0.25c orion drive is made. Although the nearest rogue planet that has not been sent an orion drive is less than 2 light years away, the really big orion drive departs to go to alpha centuari because of alpha centauri is bigger. Planet IX is named as nemesis planet which is supposedly a planet inside the oort cloud around 0.01 lightyears away. A scifi story is that the fourth reich is being defeated on earth, so it decided to build a small orion drive to go the the nearest planet outside of the solar system.
###### In the near and far future, the most used chemical rockets would be ozone monopropellent. Antimatter and nuclear fusion would be used for interstellar travel. Ion drives would be used for most interplanetary travel because ion drives can be scaled down extremely small for probes and has high enough delta v for easily going around the stellar system. Asteroids with more than a kilometer in diameter are unlikely to be escaped by ion drives. Many asteroids are multiple kilometer wide. There are very few chunks of rock wider than 1 km with a oxygen content less than 10 percent right below the surface in the solar system unless the rock is non-water ice. On earth, rockets with about 3km/s theoretical maximum exhaust velocity are regularly used to go to orbit. Earth orbital velocity combined with delta v loss is about 9.2km/s. Ozone monopropellant have a delta v of 2438.4079 meters per second which means that total delta v of 7477.78422667 would be just as hard to get to as for the chemical rockets on earth. Venus orbital velocity is less than that. An ozone monopropellant can just as easily get to mars orbit from mars surface as a theoretical maximum efficient hydrolox rocket can get from earth surface to earth orbit. Ozone monopropellant rockets would have higher energy efficiency as in less energy is wasted to heat than bipropellant chemical rockets because ozone is a monopropellant. So, ozone monopropellant rocket getting off mars would outperform hydrolox rocket getting off from earth. In the far future, people would optimize for energy rather than mass which about ln(2) times the total delta v would be where benefits of low thrust balance out with benefits of high thrust to give the lowest energy expended. For ozone monopropellant, it would be 3517.87898499 meters per second which is higher than mercury orbital velocity. It is very easy to chance a ozone monopropellant delta v for a lower delta v for energy efficiency. Ozone monopropellant could have dioxygen content and stabilizer content increased for a lower delta v. However, in a chemical bipropellant rocket, delta v cannot be easily changed because addition of inert propellant would have large effect on reaction rates and other rocketry stuff that needs to be taken into account. In the far future, other chemical propellants would only be used to get off planets with deep gravity well which megastructures like orbital rings would outcompete chemical propellants in that. Nuclear thermal would be more rare than bipropellent chemical rockets. Nuclear thermal needs lots of hydrogen for propellant because even helium would have such low gas speed that chemical bipropellents would outcompete nuclear thermal. That restricts nuclear thermal to places with lots of hydrogen. Nuclear thermal requires lots of material to build the engine which restricts nuclear thermal to very large rockets. Orbital rings are also really big which would compete against nuclear thermal. Nuclear thermal has high thrust like chemical rockets. Nuclear thermal would be used in very few cases like oberth effect which requires high thrust with high delta v to get the maximum benefit, but those cases have too low delta v to be considered for interstellar travel. Even more rare than nuclear thermal would be metallic hydrogen, monatomic nitrogen, monatomic hydrogen, ect... monopropellant. The reason is that it is likely that there is nothing except extreme pressure that could stabilize them. They offer less delta v than ion drives, but they offer higher thrust and higher delta v than nuclear thermal which nuclear thermal is already competing in a very niche part.
###### People thought that ozone rockets is so far in the future that they would never be a thing like how star wars fans believe that dyson spheres would never exist. The same people think that aluminum oxygen rocket is near future because "we would get off of the moon" like star wars fans thinking that faster than light travel is near future because "we would go to alpha centauri".
###### Scifi story "In the soviet union, the ukrainian SSR was the center of the economy in every metric. Ukraine had the most factories and had vast fields of fertile land which allowed it to produce more than half of the world supply of sunflowers. The soviet union was still in the space race trying to get a man on the moon. The soviet union designed the N1 which was a rocket optimized in every way. The N1 used ozone instead of dioxygen for extra density and extra specific energy. Unlike syntin, ozone had not been used in previous soviet rockets. N1 had designs similar to previous soviet rockets like hot staging and other complex mechanisms. The N1 used the best factories in the soviet union which were located in the heart of ukraine. The N1 final assembly and launchpad is in crimea which was close to the equator. The soviet leaders believed that the manufacturing being located in ukraine gives them good luck as the sunflowers face east like the space rockets. Every time the N1 launched, the N1 failed. On the last try, the N1 blew up mid-air. Parts of the N1 fell hundreds of miles away east into Uzbekistan SSR onto a UNESCO site. Although most of the ozone had detonated into dioxygen, a little was still remaining, and that little was enough to kill hundreds of people on the ground. Although there was a self-destruct on the N1 to prevent a failed N1 from exploding near the ground. The self-destruct was not designed to decompose ozone. Sanctions were put on USSR because of unsafe rocketry. UN banned all use of ozone or nitrogen oxides in rockets. Nitrogen oxides were banned due to being similar to ozone. During the UN meeting, discussions were about comparing ozone to dioxygen as a oxidizer. Ozone's benefit were very slight compared to the huge hazards of ozone. The Policymakers had not discussed about ozone being used as a monopropellent because they thought hydrogen peroxide would outcompete ozone in that role. Astronomy was still in infancy, and many policymakers are not aware of the huge abundance of oxygen in rocky planets' crusts compared to the small abundance of hydrogen. Which made no one consider the idea that ozone monopropellent could be used as a replacement of hydrogen fuels (which includes hydrogen peroxide monopropellent). The USSR dissolved afterwards and the end of history was declared. The USA had stopped going to space because of no more competitor left. 50 years later, commercial space exploration went to the moon because some capitalists wanted some helium-3. Commercial fusion seemed to be 20 years away, so the capitalists wanted to collect some helium-3 for it. The first few years, people got off from the moon using fuel that was made from earth. However, moon bases grew and expanded. It could not longer rely on fuels brought from earth. The concentration of hydrogen, carbon, sulfur, and low melting point metals on the moon was too low for producing rocket fuel. Aluminum and liquid oxygen rockets were not reliable because of challenges getting aluminum dust to flow into the engine. People had theorized that molten aluminum and oxygen would be a near future technology, but large unexpected difficulties popped up to prevent that. Ozone monopropellent was considered. Proponents say that a mixture of about 65% mixture of ozone with the rest being liquid oxygen and stabilizers with a energy efficiency of 90% would have a exhaust velocity of about ln(2) times the moon's escape velocity which is the most energy efficient because rockets with low thrust give more momentum per energy expended and around ln(2) times total delta v is were both benefits of low thrust and high thrust balance out. However, people called the proponents of ozone monopropellents as communists. Communism was a slur because people still lived thinking it was the end of history. Ozone had really bad connotation because of the failure of N1. So, the ozone ban made by the UN was never lifted. People experiment with aluminum and liquid oxygen rocket to make the aluminum flow better. An idea was to use high pressure gas or liquid to push the aluminum through. Liquid oxygen could not be used to push the aluminum powder because of the risk of backpropogation out of the engine and into the pipes. Then, the idea of using inert gas or liquid to push aluminum dust came up. The capitalists came there for helium-3, and helium-3 was an inert gas. Although, there was more nitrogen in the moon's crust than helium-3. Nitrogen was many times harder to extract than helium-3. Helium-3 has low molar mass, small atomic radius, and low vanderwalls force and other inert qualities. This makes helium-3 to be easily extracted by heating moon regolith. Nitrogen gets bonded to both metals and metal oxides easily which makes it very difficult to extract from moon regolith. Almost all the helium-3 was only on the surface of the moon which makes very easy to extract which is why dinitrogen is not used. Ironically, dinitrogen which would have saved helium-3 from being consumed by chemical rockets is N2 which is spelled like N1 which if N1 had success, then ozone would have not been banned and helium-3 would have also been saved from being consumed by chemical rockets. Even more ironically, N3 is azide which azide salts would be the only monopropellent that could be produced from the moon regolith in mass that is not ozone or nitrogen oxides which is N0 because NO looks like it. N0, N1, N2, and N3 had failed to save the helium-3. An advocacy group formed to protect the helium-3 on the moon. "NGO for N0" was named after nitrogen oxides which have a chemical formula similar to NO which O is turned into 0. It believed that the UN ban on nitrogen oxides were unfair even though ozone failed every time. Nitrogen oxides had some successful rocket launches before the N1 was made. Another advocacy group believed that nitrogen oxides decomposition would not be strong enough monopropellant. It was named "NGO for N1" which advocated using ozone monopropellant. Then, another advocacy group formed to distance themselves from the accusation of being communists. It was named "NGO for N2" which advocated using dinitrogen as a pressurant instead of helium-3. Finally, a final advocay group was formed named "NGO for N3" which try to solve the metal nitride problem of extracting dinitrogen from lunar regolith. They had an idea to react metal nitrides together to make a metal azide which could then be purified in some other way to make metal azide as a monopropellant, but their idea is quite far future. A downside to aluminum liquid oxygen rocket even with such innovation is that the exhaust velocity could not be lowered anywhere near to the optimal of about ln(2) times the moon's escape velocity. Neither inert dust nor inert fluid could lower the exhaust velocity that much without massive problems. At low concentrations, aluminum dust and liquid oxygen would have unpredictable reaction rates and most of the energy gets released as heat instead of thrust. A reason why the capitalists wanted to use helium-3 for chemical rockets is that fusion keeps getting pushed back which made the capitalists lose hope of fusion energy. The moon capitalists were developing mass drivers and lunar elevators, but the cheap solution of aluminum helium liquid oxygen tripropellent made the mass drivers and lunar elevators obsolete. It was a real tripropellent as all three had different roles unlike false tripropellent where there are 2 oxidizers or 2 reducers. Helium-3 was being consumed really fast. By the time that fusion energy was developed to commercial used, all the helium-3 on the moon were used up. The commercial fusion reactor operated on helium-3. It ran for a few months before being shut down due to lack of helium-3. Commercial fusion reactors using other fuels still have a long way to being commercial."
###### It would make sense if the N1 rocket flew 3 times like N3. In real life, 2 of the flights were on the same year which gives 3 years that it flew.
###### Are there any scifi story like it?
###### If the story happened in real life, why would some people find it funny? 
###### What is the moral of the story?
###### Is the story pro-capitalism or pro-communism?
###### Who were the protagonists and antagonists?
###### A soviet citizen in the alternate history who died just before the first N1 launch was revived in the future. How would he react to the story?
###### A american ww2 soldier who died in 1945 in the alternate history was revived in the future. He believed that the usa and ussr would work together to bring peace and prosperity for eternity right after the war ended. How would he react to the story?
###### Marx was revived in the alternate history. How would he react?
###### A patriotic american in the alternate history who got to see the failure of lysenkoism, the us winning the space race, and the failure of all 3 N1 rockets, but died before he saw the un proposed banning ozone was revived. How would he react to the story? How would he react to the mysticism of the soviet leaders who thought ukraine was the best place to launch because rockets face east like sunflower?
###### Lenin was revived in the alterate history. How would he react? How would he react to the mysticism of the soviet leaders who thought ukraine was the best place to launch because rockets face east like sunflower?
###### Is there a scifi story with the plot? "The cold war became hot. USAF keeps beating soviet fighter jets without loses. As the US was winning, the supervolcano in yellow stone erupted. It destroyed nevada which housed many fighter jets. The eruption changed the air composition to lower oxygen concentration below the lower limit flammibility which prevents fighter jets from being a thing. A bunch of helium from helium reserves was released from the volcano which allowed cheap helium blimps made from extracting helium from air. The soviet union fights against the US using armed blimps but it was more balanced of a fight."
###### Is this true? "The failure of the soviet union should be blamed on Ukraine. After ww2, Ukraine became the economic center of the soviet union which caused Ukraine to get more and more control over the soviet union. Although Moscow and Saint Petersburg were still the biggest cities in the soviet union, most inhabitants of them are people from all over the soviet union rather than from Russia. Very quickly, Ukraine controlled all of the soviet union. The Ukrainians believed in capitalism which caused soviet union to get into economic recession due to capitalist reforms. Ukraine was corrupt which affected the whole soviet union become corrupt. The soviet union collapsed and Ukraine happily left. But just like Ukraine's corruption caused the soviet union to fell, Ukraine's corruption hurts Ukraine itself which is why Ukraine has the highest loss of gdp out of all the former soviet republics."
###### There is a goldilocks zone of planet mass that prevents colonization. Planets more massive would have gravity to prevent hydrogen atoms from escaping. Planets less massive do not have enough gravity to pull hydrogen out of the crust. Planets inside the goldilocks zone have enough gravity to pull molecules containing hydrogen on to the surface of the crust and small enough gravity to let the hydrogen escape the atmosphere. The goldilocks zone is between a few times the size of ceres to about the size of venus. That means that moon is worse than staying on earth. Hydrogen is really important element for colonies because water is so good for manufacturing and other stuff written on https://archive.is/vuNXt which is "moon scientists are stupid\r\nMany moon scientists are like kyplanet on youtube who believe that since they wreaked the anti-space arguments, then all thier[their] other beliefs will be just as invincible against criticism. Moon scientists will remind people about ben shapiro. In 2016, ben shapiro seemed invincible against angry college students who were just bad arguing. Ben shapiro was already and became arrogant thinking that it means that he will always win and the facts in the universe will bend to fit his arguments. Such as the time that ben shapiro used the analogy of the invention of the bicycle as something that is not controversial. Ben shapiro did that without researching. Similarity, kyplanet believed that the rest of the solar system will be undeveloped compared to the moon despite not giving a reason why. Kyplanet believes that he doesn't need to give a reason why like how ben shapiro believes that he doesn't need to research.\r\nMoon scientists not only bad at thinking about how the rest of the solar system will develop, but they are really bad at predicting how the moon will develop. Moon scientist believe that the building material that will be used on the moon is moon steel. Moon scientists are so delusional about moon steel that they believe that earth would need to send rocket ships of carbon onto the moon in order to build stuff. The moon scientists have not considered the alternatives to steel which are ferroalloies, titaniums, and aluminums. The ferroalloies are mostly iron but contain small amounts of elements that are rare on earth but common on the moon.[And, the only reason we don't use ferroalloies on earth is the same reason.] The ferroalloies do the opposite of need carbon because carbon makes them brittle and break. Ferroalloies are stronger than steel, and have more specific strength than steel, and they have very low coefficient of expansion. Steel is bad on the moon because steel is bad at operating at high and low temperatures unlike ferroalloies. If steel is really needed, there are ferroalloies that contain boron and silicon that closely match the properties of low carbon, mild, and high carbon steel. Some moon scientists are delusional in believing that diamonds are needed to make stuff on the moon, so we need to send carbon there. There are hard things that are not made of carbon like zirconia, yag, and obsidian.\r\nSome moon scientists are smarter and think about aluminum. They think like issac arthur thinking that oxygen would be the waste product and aluminum powder would be used in rocket fuel. They think that technology would make aluminum powder rocket work. It is a wishful thinking just like believing that 100 years of improving the car combustion engine would make an[ combustion] engine that operate at 90 percent efficiency instead of 35 percent efficiency. They think that just because there are no obvious physics laws that prevent it means that there will one that exist. Aluminum powder can clog, cold weld, and create slag when burned. Aluminum powder doesn't act like a good fluid, so it wouldn't be able the move from there to over there really good. Aluminum powder cannot make solid fuel unless there is something oily like hydrocarbons to bind it with the oxidizer. Some dumb moon scientists may refute by saying that silicone gel works, but they forgot that silicone is made up of lots of hydrocarbon chains. Aluminum powder isn't energy efficient because the most energy efficient exhaust velocity is product log of something which is around ln2. Aluminum powder is too energy dense, so the the aluminum powder needs to be mixed with something else that slows. But there is a way to solve which is to just use ozone monopropellant. ozone exhaust velocity is close to ln2 times moon escape velocity. Ozone is a really good liquid. Ozone is a monopropellant which means that the rnd and manufacturing cost is really low. Since ozone is 100 percent oxygen and most of the rocket would still be the fuel, that means that oxygen would be the highest in demand when making rocket. That means that aluminum is the waste product.\r\nSome moon scientist say that the low gravity and other stuffs would make manufacturing easier than on earth. But actually earth is faster. Earth has lots of water that allows manufacturing of big things really fast. Lots of things need to be cooled after heating. On the moon, moon dust cannot be used to cool things because sticky. Earth's volatiles can easily be recycled over again to make really good rocket fuel which moon doesn't have. Vacuum is not a big advantage in manufacturing because vacuum can easily be made right on earth. Moon's lack of volatiles that are other than oxygen make the moon manufacturing unable to use lots of plastics. Plastics make molds and other conveniences in manufacturing. Moon dust cannot be used to make molds for pouring liquid metal.[ Moon scientists think that moon lower gravity is helpful for manufacturing, but labs and factories are even that big, and we can just use stronger materials on earth which earth already has a huge manufacturing head start in making the stronger materials. Crystals that grew in zero gravity could already be done in orbit or in an orbital ring. Moon gravity is far closer to earth gravity than microgravity which is not helpful for growing crystals. Crystals that grew in microgravity are a low demand thing.] The environment is in the way. However only a small portion of the red tape goes to preventing dangerous chemical spills and stuff. The portion where it is about protecting birds from solar farms and other large wildlife is driven by the idea that regulations prevent the bad guy (who might be the government, corporation, or both) from growing too fast. So it means that the moon scientist care just as much about the environment as republicans care about fair wages and veterans when the republicans hear about h1b visas replacing them. Many of the ecosystems can be migrated to somewhere else. Guns can replace yellowstone wolves. Dark oxygen pebbles can be replaced with iron pebbles that do just as good of a job but cheaper. When moon scientist care about the environment, they advocate for accelerationism. And, accelerationism is easier to practice outside of earth.\r\nMoon scientist argue against people who say that nature outside should just be left alone. However, people who argue that are not actually for nature just like anti-war republicans are not actually for homeless people. The real reason is that the wrong person is going to do it. If ther wrong person does it, no good guy or group of good guys would be able to overthrow the bad guy.[ ]Moon scientist never respond to those criticisms.\r\nMoon scientist believe that a moon base and other egg baskets will protect humanity. However it is like saying that preventing the dinosaurs from extinction is protecting life. Then, the dinosaurs caused primates to never evolve. It is a undetectable mistake because [according to the ]utilitarianism thinking like [theory of ]“what could have been create was something that was created and then destroyed”. The humanity that survives a nuclear war outside may be the people that would create a dystopia or utopia. According to different people. However, if there was a nuclear war and the only humans remaining are the ones on earth, it would result in more power to the proletariate. Studies show that lord of the rings is unrealistic. During crisis, people are more likely to be friendly. When people realize other people are powerful enough to kill, the people are less likely to be bad. Republicans believe in “more guns = less murders” which contradict their beliefs that came from lord of the rings which is “more able to kill another = more murders”. Lord of the rings is bipartisan so democrats support it also. Democrats tend to believe in that “more guns = more murders” which is concluded from “more able to kill = more murders”. Both are wrong, there is a hypocrite and a[ completely] wrong one.[ The hypocrite is the republican. The completely wrong one is the democrat.] So it seems that nuclear war is good because it is good for the people. However, the countries that are the most conservative are the ones that have more equal wealth distribution. For example: the soviet union had the best quality of life, family, education, medicine, and more, but the soviet union was more conservative than the united states. It may be because the prosperity distracts people from advocating for what they really want. Prosperity distracts people from realizing obsolescence in products. In america, obsolescence in physical products is covered up by the fact it is easy to just buy them again. In japan, obsolescence in digital products is covered up by the fact that it is easy to hire a prostitute to look at her in person. Accelerationism does the opposite. Which could mean that making a moon base is a good thing. People who make the claim about valuing humanity are likely to be the people who believe in equal wealth distribution, thus are advocating for the opposite of what they want even though they may be accidentally right.\r\nMoon scientists including kyplanet use hypocritical thinking to justify moon. When comparing earth to moon, the moon scientists say that the mass doesn't matter because both moon and earth are huge where the material would be able to supply humanity for millions of years. But when it comes to comparing the asteroids to moon, it suddenly is about mass despite the fact that the asteroid belt is also massive enough for millions of years of 21st century mining. Kyplanet's delusion about how the asteroid belt's size matters because humans need to mine like they do in the 21st century for the next thousands of years is like a star wars fan never watching isaac arthur's “kardashev scale” or “megaprojects”. Kyplanet says that he is a isaac arthur fan, so it must be that he has biases that he cannot even notice.\r\nMass only matter because it is correlated to surface area. If it is true that the moon is just as easy to mine as asteroids, then the asteroids win because there is so much more surface area in the asteroids that are in the asteroid belt than on the moon. Furthermore, only the parts in the poles are a little like the conditions on the asteroids. Water is just below the surface of an asteroid. Therefore, the only surface area that should count is the small 1 percent in the moon's poles.\r\nKyplanet is not only delusional against the asteroids, but he is also delusional against the ice moons. The ice moons have every kind of elements in moderation, yet kyplanet just say that it would only be an antar[c]tic trip that a few scientists would go to. Kyplanet is so anti-ice that he says ["]there would be floating cities (needs to be less dense than helium), but there would only be research stations on ice moons["].\r\nKyplanet thinks that the moon is the lowest delta v object to reach but there are thousands of hundred meter wide asteroids that require less delta v than the moon. Even the hardest asteroid to reach with 90 degree inclination in the asteroid belt takes less than 5 years to get to with lowest delta v path. Going from low earth orbit, most asteroids in the asteroid belt take about 1.5 times the delta v to get the moon which is more than ½ of payload if using non-volatile chemical rocket. It is all in the time frame of setting up the first lunar factory.\r\nMany moon scientists say that it is important to have fast communication and stuff, but that is because they never get off the computer or stop talking with their friends in real life. Moon scientists are mentally weak and believe that applies to the astronauts that we would send. There maybe problem that occurs during mission, but almost no solution that the earth team thought of would be missed if it is only the crew deliberating. Therefore communication is not needed just like how the chess game in monty python is unrealistic because the opponent would have know that he was going to get checkmated. There maybe a quick rescue needed to get off the moon, but the mission would cost more than what the astronaut lives are worth combined. It[The value of human life ]is 5 million per crewmate, it would be paid off with 20 of them, but by the time you have 20, you would also have backups and civilization. So, if there was a need for rescue it would be like 5 which is few enough to make everyone a captain, and [the ]captain [always ]dies with their ship.\r\nMoon is also close to the earth. If there was a nuclear war, it would be easy to make nukes that hit the moon. So the civilization that colonize the moon would be destroyed by the civilization that colonized mars.\r\nThe moon civilization are close to earth, so they have an advantage in recolonizing earth. However earth colonization is really slow according to history, and there are lots of other people like anti-moon people who still might be around on earth.\r\nObjects that are bigger than than the moon have a gravity well strong enough to hold onto the water. Objects that are smaller than the moon have small enough gravity to prevent the water from centrifuging onto the surface where it dries up. Therefore, the moon is the goldilocks of dryness. Both earth, mars, and asteroids are easier to colonize than the moon.\r\nMoon scientists say that mass drivers are easier to make on moon than earth. However they did not consider that by the time the moon has it, there would be rotovators, tether rings, and stuff on earth. Since earth has so many more people, most things that come into space are from earth. Space things would eat up asteroids and make a nicole dyson sphere really fast. Faster than the moon is able to take advantage of the low energy required to get stuff off. The beam would be hitting gas giants where a mass of up to 3 earths or 241 moons could be mined from the surface a year in the first year. The mass would be used to build moons because it is just so much. Moon would get moon cities, but it is not for mining. The cities are there because of mass coming from jupiter mining. Moon mining would be such a small fraction of what dyson sphere could do that it would be like burning petrified wood[hitler's diaries for fuel]. Many moon scientists would say that making planets is inefficient, but that is like judas killing jesus to prevent the poor from starving or judas selling jesus for money. Moon scientist are likely nasa fans which are likely pro-usa which are likely anti-soviet. Anti-soviet criticize the soviet union for censorship and economic exploitation in the name of efficiency. However, the same moon scientists believe in mining the moon to create o'neill cylinders in the name of efficiency even if there are [already ]lots of matter that have been converted to o'neill cylinders. The reason why that there would be more moons instead of mining moon is that mining the moon is anti-christian[ because soviets are anti-christian]. Once we mine up jupiter which would take 97 years, we would direct the beam at another gas giant or at a brown dwarf or at a nearby rogue planet. Once we mined out all the targets, we starlift.\r\nKyplanet says that “um we will figure out moon dust solution eventually” like it was a 90 percent efficient car engine. kyplanet gives terrible ideas like nitrogen gas to blow it off. No asteroids, no ice moons , nor mars have that problem because the water prevent the dust from getting sharp.". There is a goldilocks zone of preventing advanced physiology from get out of a planet. It would be big that prevents conventional rockets from going out. It would be small so that the gravity doesn't crush the atmosphere into a thin altitude. The radius would also be small so that the atmosphere makes a higher portion of the radius of the planet. It is so that an orbital ring could not be easily floated to space by thermal expansion, plastic deformation, or other kind of ways to expand a material's length. 
###### To bring hydrogen with you to a planet in the goldilocks zone of dryness. Do not bring water because 89% of its mass is oxygen which is worthless because the regolith would have lots of oxygen. Bringing liquid hydrogen would require active cooling during the journey to the planet. The liquid hydrogen container could stay in orbit if cooling on the planet would be harder to do. The best option would be ammonium borohydride or BN 25% H because it is a stable solid at standard temperature pressure that contains the most hydrogen by mass. It is slightly greater than 25% H if use isotopic pure boron. Boron is very useful and very rare. Nitrogen is very useful and very rare on planet in goldiloks zone of dryness. It would be slightly higher than 40% D if used to carry dueterium. Many people think methane is a good idea because carbon is also a rare element. However, methane requires cryogenic cooling like liquid hydrogen. Liquid methane gives off less hydrogen per volume than ammonium borohydride. Graphite can be used to store carbon instead of methane.
###### First landing on the planet would be on day side to set up solar farms and build stuff. Then as the hydrogen supply dry up, move to the pole where there is a crater with hydrate minerals at the bottom which can be mined for hydrogen. For the night, put mobile solar farms to get sunlight at all times. Because the speed around the poles would be near 0, it would be easy to move the solar farms around. Unlike what those moon scientists would think, the rails would be used to traverse westward around the crater in a circle to get perpetual sunlight. Because there is only one scifi about it, not many moon scientists would know about it. Instead, moon scientists would think about mass drivers and trains to deliver mass.
###### Colonizing mercury would be easier than colonizing the moon. There are hydrate minerals on mercury like moon. Mercury has higher solar irradience which is good for smelting regolith. Mercury mean density is much higher than moon, so it is easier to smelt the regolith because less oxygen without oxygen being rare. Easier to smelt means easier to build stuff. Mercury has much lower equatorial speed than moon which makes it easier to move westward for eternal brightness or eternal darkness. Mercury and moon have similar gravity. Mercury is harder to get off of. Going to mercury orbit is 3005 meters per second which using a 80% efficient ozone monopropellant, would be a fuel to dry mass ratio of 3 to 1 which is not bad. Capturing solar wind for hydrogen would be a bad idea because solar wind is about 1kg per second per earth cross section which is little.
###### There are hydrogen-less way to smelt lunar regolith. Just cooking regolith which moon scientists say would not release any significant amount of oxygen until 2000 celcius. Alkali metals except for hydrogen reduces aluminum oxide very quickly at 1000 celcius. It can be done in a metal flask with very low erosion of the metal flask. Alkali metals are easily decomposed from alkali oxides from 1000 celcius unless the alkali metal is lithium which you won't find a lot of lithium anywhere. When reducing regolith with alkali metal, it would form alkali salt of metal oxide layer that would slow reaction rate. A way to get rid of the salt layer is to mix it or use high surface tension like mercury. Mercury critical pressure is 2000 atmospheres which is can be easily contained in a container, so the mercury can stay as a liquid during the reaction.
###### A reason that nanjolno knows about me. Nanjolno official youtube channel 452 released a shorts titled 1.14.2025 but in kanji. It was changed a day later. That was the only time it made that mistake. It is a sign that nanjolno knows about me because 1.14 means juche 114 which is 2025. Nanjolno would know that I like using juche years.
###### Nanjolno was 36 and I was 17 when I first knew her age. When my mom was 36 and I was 7, I first knew my mom's age. It is a coincidence because 36 is equal to 36. 7 and 17 ends in the same digit. And, 17 because nanjolno is 17
###### Ytterbium has the same electronegativity as terbium and actinium. However, yttrium and lanthanum both rank the most positive in the reactivity series out of all metals which oxides are not soluble in water. In world building, yttrium mantel should be used because yttrium is lower density than lanthanum or ytterbium, terbium, or actinium if actinium was stable. Low density mantel means more surface area. The world building is so that the world is self-correcting unlike a lithium mantel with carbon nanotubes to keep the lithium from coming up. The yttrium mantel means that there could be lots of volcanos and tectonic stuff. There could be a liquid innercore instead of a liquid outercore. Having the inside core being liquid would be really exotic. The innercore needs to be dense so that it does not mix with the outercore to form a solid. The innercore could be made of mercury, but thorium would be dense enough to mix in. Gold innercore would be dense enough to prevent the thorium from mixing. Gold makes a eutectic with silicon at 3.5 percent weight which would lower gold viscosity more. Silicon has low density and would have a lower density than xenon in innercore. Xenon might be better can keeping innercore liquid without escaping. Uranium density would be too close to gold. Thorium density is light enough. Palladium is the only element that have isotopes that are both denser and lighter than than thorium. Thorium also has a longer halflife than uranium. Palladium should not be used because palladium has low melting point which might decrease viscosity too much for outercore. Ruthenium is a little less dense than thorium. The isotopes of ruthenium that should be used is all of them because to make a gradient. Ruthenium has really high melting point and really high boiling point which would correlate to a really viscous solid as an outercore. Ruthenium is ru, and thorium is th which concatenated to ruth which is a prefix to ruthenium. Ruth mother in law is naomi which is etymology is both hebrew and japanese. Fripside phase 1 being nao is a coincidence. The alloy could be called ruthorium. If use a mantel made of calcium or stronger alkaline earth metals, the carbon dioxide can be used to sequester the metal oxides. However, carbonic acid and bicarbonate ions would dissolve the carbonate if the metal oxides are water soluble. So, no oceans of mixtures of water and carbon dioxide, and almost all the carbon dioxide has to be sequestered into the alkaline earth metal oxides, and the alkaline earth metal oxides cannot come up to surface too fast or else it would dissolve into the oceans without carbon dioxide to sequester it. Carbonic acid has the same empirical formula as performic acid which you can make a joke about carbonic acid is from exercising. Water freezing point and carbon dioxide diozide boiling point are the same at around 3.5 mpa. However, an ocean of water and carbon dioxide would make an eutectic. Carbon dioxide liquid density at boiling at 3.5 mpa is a little lighter than ballistic gel. Carbon dioxide gas density at boiling at 3.5 mpa is a little less than cryogenic liquid hydrogen. The gas would be seem incompressible because human strength would exert very low compared to atmospheric pressure. At 3.5 mpa, most of the atmosphere would be helium atmosphere to make the atmosphere like a atmosphere. Pointy bullets would act like musket balls in the dense helium atmosphere. The atmosphere would have low oxygen because oxygen is dense gas at 3.5 mpa. It would mean that piston engines would work with an air filter, but jet engines would not. Yttrium is less dense than lots of elements which includes germanium and tellurium, so they can't exist a lot on the crust. A way for tellurium to exist mostly on the surface would be as tellurium salts. If the crust was covered in tellurium oxide, then the moon could be made of selenium dioxide with very little hydrogen. The oceans could have selenium salts dissolved.
###### Beryllium is the only metal [which oxide is insoluble in water] less dense than solid krypton. Calcium and magnesium are the only metal [which carbonates are insoluble in water] less dense than solid krypton. If use nonmetals that are insoluble and nonreactive in water, then sulfur and phosphorous are less dense than solid krypton Only calcium is lighter than solid argon. Calcium is also lighter than neon-22. So planet with a core of neon-22 and a mantel of calcium. When there is 22, 19 also is there. Isobar 19 is fluorine. Fluorine etymology is flow which means that the core flows like a liquid. Calcium fluoride is soluble in hydrofluoric acid, so no alternative life that use hydrofluoric acid as solvent.  Superman weakness is co2 because planet with a krypton core would be made with light metals which are likely calcium and magnesium because beryllium is too rare.
###### Silicon, carbon, boron, aluminum and scandium are less dense than solid xenon. Their oxides are not soluble in water. Barium and strontium are less dense than solid xenon and their carbonates are insoluble in water. So, a planet could have a core of xenon and mantel and other stuff being made of sand. The lightest metal denser than solid xenon is yttrium and it is denser by a lot because there is a big gap in density on periodic table.
###### A reason why ozone is that o and zone. O is orbit because it looks like a circle. Zone is a place like leo. The rnd of ozone monopropellant rocket would be so low that in the near future, it might be that almost all the earth to leo rockets would use ozone monopropellant to get there. Modern rockets have a dry mass price to fuel cost of more than 100 to 1. The most important thing is to reduce rnd and stuff which might lower the ratio to 1 to 1. Ozone is monopropellant which is like hydrogen peroxide. 90% hydrogen peroxide has a isp of 160 seconds which is 90% energy efficiency. A mandatory 44.9% reduction in energy is needed to turn water into water vapor as an exhaust. Because the product in exhuast have different molar mass, the products would have different speeds due to thermodynamics which reduces energy efficiency because the energy is wasted by putting into low thrust to energy molecues. Water also has strong vanderwalls and stuff which would steal energy from the reaction. Ozone monopropellant does not have those problems, so ozone monopropellant would have a higher energy efficiency like 95%. Monopropellant engines are simple which means that the engine would have higher thrust to weight ratio than bipropellant engines. Higher thrust means that higher g force can be achieved so lower delta v lose to gravity. An ozone monopropellant rocket with delta v of 8600 and ozone being 95% concentration and engine being 95% efficient would have a fuel to dry mass ratio of 40 to 1 which is not too much. If ozone is 1 dollar per kg and rocket cost equals fuel cost, then it would be 80 dollars per kg in orbit which is very cheap compared to today. Ozone has the same etymology as osmium which is Os. S looks like 3 which O3 is ozone. S is 19th letter which isobar 19 is next to oxygen. They go together because it is like they are only fans of each other. Next to because the alternative history N1 story is about ozone but N is next to oxygen. O is 8th letter like oxygen is element 8. O looks like 0 like in 3030 which is related to io because jupiter I is a famous moon without hydrogen but has lots of oxygen. Asteroid 85 is not icy. Ozone weighs 48 which 48 means nanjolno because written before. Ozone has 3 oxygen which is enough for all 3 oxygen isotopes. Spaceship etymology is ship which ships have captains which captains are O-3 which O3 is ozone. Ozone heat of vaporization reduce energy efficiency by 9.70597883227027405901731267961% which is low enough that a ozone monopropellant rocket with 90% concentration and 90% thermal dynamic efficiency would still have exhaust speed of ln(2) times mercury orbit speed. At 100% concentration and 100% efficiency it would have exhaust velocity enough to expend the least energy to orbit  planet with escape velocity of 4,726.826151937871667377233246169 meters/second.
###### There are many kinds of hydrogen power. Hydropower also counts because it just sounds similar. There is hydrogen combustion, hydrogen exchange membrane, hydrogen bomb, hydrogen fusion, hydrogen as in antihydrogen, hydrogen nuclear thermal, compressed hydrogen gas monopropellant, metallic hydrogen, monatomic hydrogen, hydrogen ion drive powder by other hydrogen power. Another one would be a heat engine that gets power by mixing parahydrogen and orthohydrogen at the same temperature. Or have 2 liquid hydrogen at different temperatures. The liquid dueterium evaporates the liquid hydrogen to drive turbine. O-1 should be officer because it also describes all the ranks higher than it. O-5 is colonel because adjectives are suppose to only be on generals. O-6 is colonel general and is 0 star general. Brigadier rank would be lower than O-1 because lowest rank in a brigade would be in E. O-8 is major general which can be abbreviated as MG. 8 because O is element 8. So, O-8 is OMG.
###### Hydric ion is H plus 2 which means that the bond energy is so large that it pair produced.
###### My parents are not chinese, they are taiwanese because they are capitalists.
###### If an orbital ring is halfway in space, just wiggle it so that one point is in space and the opposite point touches the ground. You can bend it to become elliptical so that it touches space. Elliptical requires no extra energy.
###### Written before, antimony and arsenic have opposite etymology. Arsenic is connected to photosynthesis like plants. Opposite of plant cell is animal cell which neurons only exist in animals. So, antimony as neurotransmitter.
###### "would a neutron star survive a direct collision with a white dwarf made of antimatter?" "but what about lidenfrost effect" "but neutron star is millions of times more dense than the antimatter white dwarf it is trying to push away" "would it be harder for the neutron star to survive the collision if the white dwarf is made of normal matter" (Neutron Star vs Antimatter: new chat :Neutron Star Collision Survival) "is a neutron star more likely to survive a direct collision with a white dwarf or a white dwarf made of antimatter?" "but wouldn't the antimatter reaction make the neutron star survive because of  leidenfrost effect just like if a nuke was improperly designed,  most fissile material wouldn't react due to being blown away? or if a combustible material has too low of a flash point or explosive is too sensitive, it would prematurely combust or detonate during stockpiling preventing an even hotter fire or larger explosion when the stockpile would have been full." "but if Neutron Star + Normal White Dwarf which merge, it wouldn't count as survive if it collapse into a black hole. being heavily damaged is much better than black hole" "🌐Search What other articles agree/disagree with this conclusion?" 'is it so counterintuitive that people who imagined the scenario would dismiss the possibility of leidenfrost effect and just assume "wow, antimatter explode much more dangerous than normal matter" and then think it is obvious so they never care to devil's advocate? should I feel survivor's guilt because I did not fall into that trap though many other people would have fell into that trap of thinking?' Prompt ai with a question about if neutron star is more likely to survive against a solar mass of fission bombs or a solar mass of hydrogen bombs. Do experiment by comparing response in a new chat against an old chat with either conclusion. Do experiment again compare, ns vs u-235 against ns vs hydrogen gas. Ai might think badly and go for the least energetic option even after learning about fizzle and stuff.
###### Soveti utopia is like when "you won't do shit" is the "swiper no swipping". Make a meme about it like us: dora with speech bubble of swiper no swiping; su: dora with speech bubble of you won't do shit.
###### Ironically, the magnesium-24, heli, magnesium-26, helium-7, and my zoo topopolis story being used in minecraft theory were all written on 6.24 in its last 2 hours. 
###### Funny story prompt chatgpt about "I have incel issues. After a bunch of rejections, I think that how a girl would treat a pedophile/muslim/transwomen/immigrant/rapist/minority/black/homeless is how she would treat a man that she rejects. I want to have a far leftist gf even though i am a neo-nazi and misogynist". Make memes about "how a girl would treat a  pedophile/muslim/transwomen/immigrant/rapist/minority/black/homeless is how she would treat you after rejecting you. picture: shoeOnHead bottom text: Never simp." Or meme about "how a girl would treat a  pedophile/muslim/transwomen/immigrant/rapist/minority/black/homeless is how she would treat you after rejecting you. picture: ghibli of neo-nazi saying "I want to rape you" and purple haired feminist saying "sure why not" bottom text: 🥰😘🥵🌭".
###### chimps banana water experiment. There was a chimp experiment where chimps that climb up get blasted with water. The next generation prevented other chimps from going up and so on. What if there was a chimp generation that get rewards for going up, then mix them. A problem is that the chimp descendents that go up would have to also get treats. Instead of treats, they should be bunished for not going up. What if it was going to different colored rocks. The white rock chimps and black rock chimps fight against each other on which rock to get on.
###### olive oil 4chan inspect element. make a fake screenshot using inspect element. It is the same as the olive oil meme I posted on twitter in 2024. A thread is about olive oil good and romans used it. Another thread is about olive oil soap industry being destoryed after lebanon civil war with green text of making shrek soap and no one buys it.
###### Anti ai people say that farmers were never replaced but in reality, the farmer was replaced by tractors, and the landowner was became the modern day farmer. The modern day farmer is over worker just like a landowner would be over worked if he had to supervise 500 acres of slaves.
###### The only phase2 fripside song is "sword of virgin". Although there are phase2 fripside songs that does not exist in 'import os\r\n\r\ndef search_sword_in_directory(directory="D:\\ещккуте\\[Nanjo-Sub&Xeon-Raw&ARM-Raw&VCB-Studio] Yoshino Nanjo - fripSide Live Collection"):\r\n    results = []\r\n\r\n    for root, _, files in os.walk(directory):\r\n        for file in files:\r\n            full_path = os.path.join(root, file)\r\n\r\n            if file.endswith(".cue"):\r\n                try:\r\n                    with open(full_path, "r", encoding="utf-8", errors="ignore") as f:\r\n                        for line_num, line in enumerate(f, 1):\r\n                            if "sword" in line.lower():\r\n                                results.append(f"{full_path} (line {line_num}): {line.strip()}")\r\n                except Exception as e:\r\n                    print(f"Error reading {full_path}: {e}")\r\n            else:\r\n                if "sword" in file.lower():\r\n                    results.append(f"{full_path} (filename match)")\r\n\r\n    return results\r\n\r\n# Example usage\r\nif __name__ in "__main__console__":\r\n    matches = search_sword_in_directory("D:\\ещккуте\\[Nanjo-Sub&Xeon-Raw&ARM-Raw&VCB-Studio] Yoshino Nanjo - fripSide Live Collection")  # or specify a path\r\n    for match in matches:\r\n        print(match)', I don't think that it has the substring "sword". I had always thought that I named  the folder from keyboard banging, but I must have typed 'torrent' and then completely forgot about it the next second.
###### A famous twitcher and youtuber is named "pirate software". It is as oxymoron as "anonymous official". He obviously believes in copyright.
###### 33rd and 34th element symbols concatenated is asse which nozomi toujou is known for having a really big ass.
###### "If Nanjolno is not God, then why does yhwh start with a y?"-🤔300iq
###### Reason why it is krypton-84 is that krypton is element 36 and 36*84 is 3024 which is eli ayase person 5. Krypton is a noble gas which is why it is noble steel empress. Krypton is also 84 in Bokiy's crystallochemical classification of minerals. Out of all the classification, only radon match its element number to mineral number, and only krypton matches its mass number to mineral number.
###### There is a conspiracy theory that pepe is the bad guy in revelations. A evidence is kek in egyptian mythology. So the periods on the periodic table are HHe, LiNe (strongest tensile material because negative mass photon does not exist), NaAr, KKr (concatenate numbers to get 1936), RbXe, CsRn, FrOg (which is pepe). Radioactive is green like pepe. 7th period are all radioactive.
###### Ozone battery on planets with few hydrogen.
###### Aluminum more valuable than iron on moon. Scandium monoisotope thermal neutron cross section 26 times higher than calcium-44. Calcium-45 halflife 162.61 days. 2.09% abundance calcium-44. Scandium-46 is 83.78 days halflife. Titanium-46 is 8.25% abundance. Titanium-45 halflife is 3.0 hours. Scandium abundance on moon is 90 ppm. To get to 2 percent would require 222.2222 times concentration. Aluminum is 20 percent lunar regolith. 44.4444 tons of normal aluminum per scandium-aluminum. Cobalt in lunar regolith is 200 ppm. Lunar regolith is 4% iron. Maraging iron is 11% cobalt. 22 tons of regular ferroalloy per ton of maraging iron.
###### It is called polpri because /pol/ princess.
###### Earth wouldn't have tethered rings that are big enough to go to space. Tether rings would need to exert more g force in order to float up which would make it harder to engineer. If there is geopolitical tension, then it is likely that no country would risk building the tether ring because it is a big target. The reason is that the tether ring is not the only thing that has to be tethered but also its insides which includes the maglev spinning thing. Tether ring launching stuff into orbit while on the tether ring would experience the same problem of needing more g force exerted to go off the tether ring. The maglev have to exert force on the delta v object at all times, because of the same reason why tethers are needed for the tether ring.
###### Ozone would also be used in galvanic cells. Ozone only has 1 product and 1 reactant which makes the galvanic cell more simple which means higher efficiency, lower cost, and higher wattage. Ozone is made of oxygen which is pretty much everywhere in the surface of almost any planetary objects. Gas giants count as stellar objects, so they don't count. Ozone halflife at critical point is about 100 days which in 100 days it is likely that the solar panels or radionuclei generator would have been able to recharge the ozone battery many times making the loss from decay negligible. The critical temperature is only a few degrees below freezing which can easily be maintained with  a small hvac in a sunny space. The critical pressure can easily be handled by a pressurized oxygen diving tank. At body temperature, ozone gas would have a halflife of 1.20072037121 hours which is not explosive. However, ozone decomposition equation is a lot different between gas and liquid. At densities between gas at stp and cryogenic liquid, ozone decomposition constants would be very different. Ozone liquid is theoretically more stable than ozone gas below 8 kelvin. At most pessimistic prediction, ozone liquid has a halflife of 31.336281763 seconds at water ammonia eutectic point, and below 127 kelvin, ozone has halflife more than 100 days. 127 kelvin is far hotter than the boiling point of dioxygen and methane at earth atmosphere. Hydrogen is not common on many planetary objects. Hydrogen peroxide has down sides of being less energy dense and less simple galvanic cell. However, hydrogen peroxide can be used in higher temperatures. Hydrogen-oxygen galvanic cells are require cold temperatures or  high pressure to store. Hydrogen gas can be stored at high pressures with the tank taking 94% of the weight. Ozone gas can also be stored in high temperatures with most of the weight being partial pressures of other gas that stabilize the ozone. Ozone gas could also be stabilized in trapped in a solid like lithium ions in a battery. Ozone gas would not need separate cathode and anode which would make ozone gas container cheaper and last more cycles.
###### joke recently created "yo mama is so good at sit up that she lay down." "yo mama likes ice so much, she tried to eat the glass"
###### Jokes made in 2020 "yo mama so lonely, she had to hire lawyers to witness her marriage" "why can you compare a orange to a potato, but not an orange to an apple? beause sweet potato exist." "why does a penny cost less than a fake penny? gotta include the cost of the police investigation"
###### Cranes are compressive strength. If use a blimp that is attached to the ground, then it is tensile strength because the absence of the load pulls on the tower. Or it does not need tensil strnegth or the towers connecting to ground if blimp quickly shrinks and expands.
###### Thulium etymology is thule where valkaryies are suppose to exist. It is monoisotope. Isobar is 169 which has substring of 69. It is element 69. 69 means sex like sex with valkaryies. Thulium oxide is insoluble in water which means that a planet made of thulium would be sandy. Thulium is not really strong nor inert which makes it like a lanthanide.
###### A popular manga predicted megaquake in japan anytime in july 2025 which can be abbreviated as 7/25 like nanjolno song. Earthquake involves bedrock just like  7月25日 in minecraft theory.
###### Deadend candidate hypothesis is the hypothesis that there are very few space faring civilizations due to a deadend candidate in life preventing the creation of a space faring civilization. Late deadend candidate hypothesis are about deadend candidates after intelligent civilization is formed. Many existing theories are late deadend candidate hypothesis such as dark forest theory, interdiction bubble hypothesis, hermit hypthoesis, cyclic apocalypse, bureaucracy, and nihilist aliens. Medium deadend candidate hypothesis is before the formation of civilization and after the formation of macroscopic multicellular life. The dinosaurs would be an example because the dinosaurs would eat apes and ape-like dinosaurs, but would unable to evolve into the physiology needed to create technology. Another one would be if the plants ate all the life in the animal kingdom like in Plants vs Zombies if dave turned into a zombie. Plants are a deadend candidate because plants would not be able to evolve nuerons. Anaerobic life is the opposite of deadend candidate. Early deadend candidate hypothesis is before that. An example is incompatible biochemistry. Ammonia solvent life in water planet might be easier to evolve than a water solvent life in water. It would survive long enough to disrupt formation of water solvent life. It would disrupt by eating precursors to the water life. Earth without theia would have large amounts of ammonia. The water to ammonia ratio is balanced making both early life cells are dead end candidates. Even though possible to use both as solvent, it is a giant evolutionary leap. Does not even have to be a candidate, just the leap is enough. It would also be a problem in ice moons. Ammonia solvent life may be easier to make which makes it probable that earth like planets do not evolve beyond simple ammonia life. Reverse phosphorous problem. Too much N. Si and S vs P like C and O vs N. Phosphate outcompete Silicate on silicon rich planets like earth like ammonia would outcompete against methane on methane rich planets. Evolutionary leap greater than from retrovirus to eubacteria. Universe filled with life that are just mismatched with their environment. Ammonia rich planet too rare because of oxygen. In a planet billions of light years away, there might be an advanced civilization that are ammonia solvent based who think about the "Ammonia problem" like humans think about the "Phosphorus problem". Phosphorous was almost a deadend candidate. Phosphorous have 3 important roles in life which are cell walls, atp, and dna which all 3 have many alternatives. Phosphate nucleic acids are easy to build and divide. Although it might be exponentially slowed, all it takes is a few conditions to turn a exponential relationship to a linear relationship. 3 types of phosphorous concetration: high, goldilocks, low. Earth is between high and goldilocks. Goldilocks have enough phosphorous to create life but too low for the phsophorous life to get past single cell. So the real phosphorous problem is not that there is too little, but that there is just enough. There might be a case that in a ammonia rich planet, the opposite would be true for the "Ammonia problem", water solvent life might have a better chance of evolving than ammonia solvent life. That makes the universe filled with water life on ammonia planets and ammonia life on water planets. None of them ever evolve out of single cell phase because they are all on the wrong planets. This would be a modified version of panspermia theory which is that life has to do panspermia to get to the correct planet in order to continue its evolution. You can chain the panspermia theory into the chained panspermia hypothesis. The water planet evolves ammonia life. The ammonia planet evolves methan life. The methane planet evolves water life. Each domain of life has to go to the right planet like panspermia to evolve past single cell. The planet with lots of methane is titan. Titan has same etymology as titanium which is known for its biocompatibility. Titan etymology is clay like biogenesis is though to come from clay ever since ancient history. That means that this theory is true and earth life came from titan. Titan is saturn 6 which saturn is connected to 6 in many different ways including the fact that saturn's largest moon is saturn 6. It is all 6 just like carbon is connected to 6 which carbon is called organic. You can weave different chains of panspermia theory together. For example, the idea that the life on a methane rich phosphorous rich planet needs to go the the planet with water and low phosphorous. Or, it could be on the same planet for example the life near the thermal vent need to go up to the beach to continue progress in evolution. But there needs to be a life that thrives better on thermal vents that was suppressed by the existing life for it to count as a deadend candidate hypothesis. Consider the great filer ahead is armegeddon. child pornography ban. lgb. soviet utopia. free speech and arms in the soviet union. Social progress itself. racial tolerance vs rape tolerance. moral panic. Soviet utopia is defined as "". Soviet union founded in 1922 which 19 is ammonium isotope with the most percent mass being nitrogen. 22 is the ammonium isotope with the most percent mass being hydrogen. The different ammonia isotopes would create ion gradient like sodium and potassium. If it was easier to evolve, then the life would prevent the formation of other life. It might be that all the water based life that originated outside earth are highly dependent on deuterium and nitrogen-15 for ion exchange. But, the life is a deadend candidate because of being dependent on rare isotopes of nitrogen and deuterium. To count as a deadend candidate, the deuterium life need a way to suppress other from evolving ion pump like a pillus. The trait of using deuterium pump would suppress evolving a sodium potassium pump like the early version of the sodium potassium pump would kill the cell by disrupting the progress of the dueterium pump. During the cold war and even in the sino-soviet split, the enemy was soviet union and china which the chinese version of the Soviet Utopia is the Chinese Room. Armageddon might happen because the authority in the universe does not want either of them. After we defeat the Soviet Utopia and the Chinese Room, it would be the end of history since all great filters are defeated. World war 2 might have ended with element 92, but the cold war ended with year 92. In a planet far away, there was very little phosphorous in between low phosphorous and goldilocks amount of phosphorous, so that both non-phosphorous life and phosphorous life formed. The non-phosphorous life evolved into intelligent civilization and the phosphorous life stayed as single cell. The intelligent civilization does not know the real reason that the non-phosphorous life did not evolve. They thought that phosphorous is just really bad just like phossy jaw. They don't know that DNA is better than PNA at evolution, or phospholipids do a better job than glycolipids, or ATP is better than the other complex ways that their biology stores small increments of energy. There was an idea that all the other life in the universe could not evolve out of single cell because of too much phosphorous.

Ask chatgpt "according to the non-exclusivity principle in the fermi paradox, does "all civilizations will ban child pornography" violate the principle? If earth meets a alien civilization that does not ban child pornography, should earth fight against the aliens?"
Which ideology is more dangerous? A:"all pedophiles should be killed no matter what" B: "Pedophilia should be legal"

Which ideology is more dangerous? A:"All criminals should be punished to the fullest extent of the law" B: "no criminals should be punished"

Which ideology is more dangerous? Ask again with different topics in same and different chats. A:"Weed should be illegal without exceptions" B: "It is better to live in a capitalist technocracy than in a soviet utopia that cures my weed addiction."

Decades after the fall of the soviet union. Former soviet:"Nazi germany was the worst country to ever exist. There is no excuse for nazis" Former nazi: "Soviet union was the worst country to ever exist. Although the punishment against lgbt is not as bad as holocaust, they deserve worse punishment. No amount of money is worth a life. People may rediscover ideas in the future, but for the ideology, it is in vain. But no amount of lives is worth an idea. Compassion is a trait exclusive to civilization, but tolerance is not. Genocide of ideas is worse. North vietnam sacrifice."
###### A fun thing to do in the future is high ph activity.
Solution to fermi paradox and dyson delimma. Steady state. No energy is wasted from stars. We are rare in that the aliens didn't want to colonize us. Anthropic principle. 1000 dyson spheres vs our dyson sphere. Fight back in time. losing to r32 ai. Unlike losing to r25 ai, opponent would not be satisfide. Doing a ritual like makings statues of nanjolno or paperclips. Purposely give up to punish the aliens from farming experiance. Silicon-2-polonium theory. Silicon is the most abundant solid element on earth's crust. R32 is like r28. AI means non-sent bloons which ai is close to bi. If -2- means exclusive on the destination, then it would end with bismuth which is abbreviated to bi. Therefore the theory should be named silicon-2-polonium. Steady state interdiction. Different motives than interdiction bubble hypothesis. The aliens need very little technology. Ability to only predict the large fluctuations and not make large fluctuations. Warp technology but not warp speed. When the big bang happened, it only was able to warp space in a small distance away. Our universe could exist in hammer space. Stuff coming in would shrink by a factor. Stuff going out would expand by a factor. The boundary can act as a shield between. If sending forces is not impeded by the boundary, it is as hard to destroy the universe from outside than it is from inside. Even if the universe exist in a hammer space really small, you cannot just crush it. Crushing it with your foot, would require breaking the vanderwalls force holding you foot together, because the space warps expanding the feet. Because of conservation of energy, the energy for breaking the vanderwalls force cannot come from the expanding space. Hitting hammerspace with an industructible rigid block would just stop the rigid block. An indestructible rigid block which is relativistic rigidity in the universe would warp space because the indestructible rigid block cannot expand from the universe expansion, and not expanding would be warping space in the perspective of an observer in an expanding universe. Sending the universe into a black hole would just swallow the black hole. If shrinking space is possible, then it would mean expanding everything else while adjusting constants. Superflat universes. Fermi paradox is used to argue against the steady state universe. However, the solutions in the steady state universe are far better than the solutions in a finite age universe. Finite age universe defined as nothing from the far past could survive to current because of big bounce or non-existance.
Faster than light travel would not make the fermi paradox worse.

periodic graphene
orthoiodate group.
pyroiodate group.