I like women

Many women doubt that I should be able to speak for women. However, those women who disagree against me are all transwomen. They are born with the body of a women but their brain thinks like a man.

I am born 1 day after international women's day. It is a God given coincidence that I was born so close to women's day, and it definitely means that I get to speak for all women even if that women disagrees. Although many people are born even closer to international women's day, they don't count because they are not important like me.

wave feminism. carceral feminism. rainbow capitalism. capitalist feminism.

All women are transmen unless they let me rape them. They are creepy men stuck in a pretty girl's body. And are obssessed with his girlfriend's purity. Which he is his own girlfriend. 

Having sex with a consenting women is gay. If 2 women consent to lesbian sex. They are straight. Male rape is straight. Therefore Russian soldiers aren't gay.


Economic calculation problem

If economic calculation problem is impossible in communism, then it implies that neither 

capitalism cannot escape from economic calculation problem even if it is as libertarian or capitalist as possible. small scale trading is the same as solving economic calculation problem even if it is solving without being correct.

Economic calculation problem has to account for irrational market, investors, greater fool theory in capitalism

Economic calculation problem in capitalism is harder to solve because many of the solutions are socialism. Wipe out stock betting, stock market, and hording.

Economic calculation problem is a reason why communist manifesto refutes all basic economics books while being so small. Economic calculation problem is why capitalist economic books have to be so big.

legalize rape

economic calculation problem in free love vs consent is the same as economic calculation problem in communism vs capitalism. problems come from dating market, marriage market, divorce market.

Women says that thier criteria for mate choice is complex, but the underlying reasons for their mate choice is irrational. Just like no matter how government indirectly illegalize homelessness, it is still anti-homelessness.

The most cucked thing that a man can do is to want his daughter to marry a man.



school abolition
school and parenting are slavery. slavery in old testament is abolished at age 7.
Ten commandments are fake.


Rare technology

It is not sharp sticks or fire.

Arrowhead is the the rare technology.

arrowhead is correlated to animals that are interested in improving their technology
Animal intelligence is far better than human intelligence
physiological and not intelligence that creates technology


pharacy law 

The pharacies believes that it is universal law to not murder. Murder is not a nessasary evil. Murder is not evil. It is a coincidence that pharacy and pharmacy are spelled very similarly.

many blame violence and human nature for stopping humanity. but it is the opposite that stops humanity.



Agricultural revolution

Video games and modded video games where all individual needs can be meet with less are less social.

Being social is bad because social means that most problems would be interpersonal. And, interpersonal rewards traits that only seem to be good which are masculine traits. Masculine traits being fast-twitch muscles, dense bones, predator eyes, and high calorie consumption.

Masculine traits are bad for warfare because of logistics.

Predator eyes are far worse than prey eyes

Prey eyes can aim just as good as predator eyes.

In warfare, more people is almost always better than bigger people.

Large muscle mass is useless even for labor intensive activities.

High calorie consumption is bad due to diminishing returns.

Agricultural revolution made people smaller which is a good thing.

In society which its biggest problems is malthusian catastrophe, interpersonal (mate selection) is the biggest factor to reproduction. (biggest factor is thing that few members have and that it have a large causation).  Masculine traits survive better than feminine traits in mate selection. Masculine traits deliver results that can be easily observed. For example: short sprint is favored over endurance running. Energy consumption is considered to be favorable in mate selecion which masculine traits are less energy efficient. Bone strength has inverse relationship to bone specific strength, but bone specific strength was not understood by hunter-gatherers. 

men are to blame for masculinity rather than women. Women chose feminine mates because they are alike to themselves. Men choose to become more masculine because of self-improvement. Men's oppinion had more effect than women's oppinion.



hunting was the worst mistake

it created slow maturity rates

Hunting increases sexual dimorphism.

it did the opposite of agricultural revolution

Hunting is a deadend candidate

Physiology to farm or build technology is also physiology to hunt

Hunting could have devolve the physiology required to farm or build technology because the relationship is not 2-way

We beat the neanderthals by having technology that allowed to hunt small fast prey and not big armed prey


anarcho capitalism

Resource rich. so the documentary that shows ancap being ruled by sexy female warlords is accurate. ancap is unrealistic because it would need abundance.


R vs k selection
Number of offspring is not correlated to survivability. All effects can be explained by carrying capacity. It is the same fallacy as not understanding 'per capita'. People believe in r vs k selection because of fascism. 
Jason Unruhe is wrong. And all the scientist are also wrong, no matter the political affiliation. All the religious leaders are wrong. It is like a universal idea that people no matter the country or religion use to believe like misogyny. People believe that the reason why humans have slow maturation rate is because humans need time for development and learning. No matter how it is achieve (slow maturation rate caused big brains or big brains caused slow maturation rate), they believe that it isn't just a correlation. They believe it because the theory comes from the nazis which sounds cool.
the reason why humans evolved to mature slowly is not because of Brain size, Learning complexity, Energy demands of a big brain, or time allowing for extended learning and protection. It is because human tribes who matured fast suffer from Malthusianism because humans were too sentimental about protecting their elders. Human tribes that have fast maturation rates had an advantage in warfare. However, human tribes were spread thinly due to scarcity of food. Therefore the human tribes with fast maturation rates were not able to take advantage of warfare. Evolution made humans mature slowly to prevent economic collapse from overproduction which mirrors the philosophy of planned obsolescence"
Slow maturation had no benefits in learning, brain size, energy, ect... Many herbivores that have fast maturation rates are just as smart as humans. When the agricultural revolution happened, warfare became a bigger factor which caused maturation rates to speed up. Evidence of it is that maturation rates were slowest thousands of years ago.
Humans are carnivore because for fun, and not because it was for food to fuel the brain. 
Many herbivores are decomposer.  


Laffer curve
Laffer curve is wrong. Does not account for effective tax rate. effective tax rate is paid really high by multimillionaire streamers but not billionaires. Does not account for reinvestment into company which lowers the need of government subsidies. Reinvestment could count in the form of tax avoidance which higher taxes would cause social pressure to make billionaires pay more taxes. Low taxes is not compromise but is acceptance.


Frieren, lotr, and Lord of the Rings
Dangerous civilizations need intelligence which intelligence causes socialness. Civilization of aggressive species would not last long. Extreme aggression is needed for the orcs to be tribal. Orcs and subhuman species would need to have von nuemann probe level of automation to form society without cooperating with other species.



Isekaist manifesto 
introduction
When i was a democracy believer, I believed that the strongest argument against democracy non-believers is that they are fat ugly men who want to get their own haram of pretty cute girls. However, i grew up and stop believing in democracy. I still believe in the same strongest argument, however I believe that not only is it the strongest argument for democracy, but also it is the strongest argument for democracy that can ever exist. I realize if you delete a word, the write pointer moves forward allowing you to space when you write at least 1 character.
Ask your AI: Reading comprehension question: what does the statement “When i was a [policy A] believer, I believed that the strongest argument against [policy A] non-believers is that they are [ad hominem]. However, i grew up and stop believing in [policy A]. I still believe in the same strongest argument, however I believe that not only is it the strongest argument for [policy A], but also it is the strongest argument for [policy A] that can ever exist.” imply about the debater?
Introduction2
People have name a philosophy as isekaism. It is also based off of isekai anime. The people's isekaism is about afterlife being pleasant. People think of isekaism as a form of buhhdism because both are about having a good afterlife. However, naming that people's religion as isekaism is like naming fairytales are space futurism. It implies that the ideas of space futurism are out of reach. Afterlife being put in the genre of isekaism suggests that ideas that comes from isekai are out of reach.
However, those normies are just like the star wars fans that never watched issac arthur's kardashev scale. Star wars fans believe that the future in space is small with colonies of only tens of thousands spread across parsecs between yellow stars. Star wars fans believe that the future requires magical technologies like inserting your favorite quantum jargon. Similarity, the normies' isekaist also meets those 2 criterias. The normies' isekaist believe that the future is filled with overpriced persons such as 500-year old dragons, elves that matures slowly, and other people with long lifespan. Normies' isekaist believe that the future requires magical technology such as reincarnation and afterlife.
Just like how issac arthur shows that the star wars future is too small with few tonnages and could be easily be beaten with modern technology. Likewise, it will be concluded that the normies' isekaism is too overpriced with girls that takes a long time to grow compared to isekaism, but also that isekaism could be implemented with and without any technology.
text
Epicurean paradox exists. God is not all good.
In many science fantasy, the strong logical ai or person is depicted to not be able to socialize, or other social stuff. However, that is unrealistic because emotions are easily able to be calculated. Even a simple ai made in the last century can accurately tell the tone and mood because just assign some values to some words. Even issac arthur concludes it in his videos. Likewise in isekai fantasy, the waifu is depicted as immature. Immature as in that they get laughy when talking about sex. Even more compelling evidence against the existence of the immature waifu is that that isekaist world would likely be designed with sexual liberation. Sex ed and stuff prevents people from being surprised about sex.
Also the contrapositive is true. In the status quo, the women are immature. Likewise, the wisemen are egostistical.

Outdated politics. Future of politics

feminine toys are better than masculine toys

What is the belief that since one's argument was able to survive criticism, then one's other arguments are unbeatable: mandate of logic. Need to coin the term like how trump bragged about wining the 2024 election.


A big influence to me to create the isekaist manifesto is Issac Arthur. He probably feels like Turkey Tom, Destiny and Hassan Piker when the school shooter who shot up Antioch High School in Nashville, Tennessee released his manifesto in 2025. Tennessee as in Tennessine which is nanjolno element. Although, Issac Arthur did not give me most of my new ideas, he did inspire me to be able to word it better.
Inconclusion, it is not the children that yearn for the mines, but it is the women who yearn for the mines.